
# KSR_002: Process Address Space Protection

### Requirement Description: 
There shall be ways to maintain and enforce the integrity of the process address space along with the process lifecycle or to enforce or detect a failure (system level measures or additional mechanisms in the Kernel): one possibility is the Kernel systematic capability.

### Investigation Breakdown:

## a. 
The Kernel is responsible to properly create the address space of newly generated processes: all syscalls spawning new user space processes end up in calling kernel_clone(), the main kernel function responsible to create a new process descriptor and address space.  
<mark >**TODO:**</mark> investigate the relevant subsystems and functionalities involved in the address space creation, following the kernel_clone() invocation

		
### Initial Considerations
Looking at the [telltale safety app](https://github.com/elisa-tech/wg-automotive-safety-app/blob/main/safety-app.c) there is no dynamic memory allocated and we have a global variable declared. Hence the critical areas of the process address space here are:

- The Code area
- The Data area
- The Stack area

The proposal would be to investigate how the memory addresses are set in the [mm_struct](https://github.com/torvalds/linux/blob/v5.15/include/linux/mm_types.h#L402) when the address space is created more specifically:  
`start_code, end_code, start_data, end_data` should be responsible for defining the start and end addresses of the code and data sections respectively.
`start_brk, brk` contain the start and end address of the heap section (that however should not be relevant for the telltale safety app use case)
To verify this a [dump](KSR_002_files/DefautSafetyAppProcessMaps.md) was taken at runtime of /proc/[pid]/maps; where pid is the process ID associated to [the safety app](https://github.com/elisa-tech/wg-automotive-safety-app/blob/main/safety-app.c). In the dump we can see that the heap section is present; so looking at the safety app code it is assumed that the relevant heap is due to the printf() calls.  
In order to verify the assumption a [modified safety app](https://github.com/paolonig/wg_automotive_fork/blob/test_branch/safety-app.c) was created: in this modified app all the printf calls were removed except those associated with the error paths.  
A [dump](KSR_002_files/ModifiedSafetyAppProcessMaps.md) of /proc/[pid]/maps was taken associated with the modified safety app. In this dump the heap section is not present at all and we now that functionally this modified safety app behaves identically like the default one. 

**Conclusion - HEAP**: hence we can assume that from a safety point of view, the heap section is not relevant at all.

    
### [vDSO and vsyscalls areas](https://0xax.gitbooks.io/linux-insides/content/SysCall/linux-syscall-3.html):
vsyscalls are optimized syscalls whose handler implementation is directly mapped statically into the process address space.  
On x86 (`grep __vsyscall_page ./ -R` in arch/x86) the only vsyscalls are:

- [gettimeofday](https://github.com/torvalds/linux/blob/v5.4/arch/x86/entry/vsyscall/vsyscall_emu_64.S#L20)
- [time](https://github.com/torvalds/linux/blob/v5.4/arch/x86/entry/vsyscall/vsyscall_emu_64.S#L25)
- [getcpu](https://github.com/torvalds/linux/blob/v5.4/arch/x86/entry/vsyscall/vsyscall_emu_64.S#L30)

**Conclusion: vsyscalls** are not relevant for the safety app as they are not used at all by the safety app


vDSO are the evolution of vsyscalls; the vDSO routines are dynamically linked in the process address space (the object file is `linux-vdso.so.1`).
On x86 (“grep __vdso_ ./ -R” in arch/x86) the only [vdso syscalls](https://github.com/torvalds/linux/blob/v5.4/arch/x86/entry/vdso/vdso.lds.S#L17) are:

- clock_gettime;
- gettimeofday;
- getcpu;
- time;
- clock_getres;

**Conclusion: vdso** functions are not relevant for the safety app as they are not used at all by the safety app

**Conclusion: vvar (vdso variable)**  are not relevant for the safety app as VDSO functions are not used by the safety app

<mark > **TODO: to formally confirm this, eventually using the calltree tool (or cscope tool)** </mark>

The [modified safety app](https://github.com/paolonig/wg_automotive_fork/blob/test_branch/safety-app.c) code has been annotated to mark the code that is optional (i.e. can be removed without affecting the functionalities of the safety app itself) or that is not active during	the safe operation. After the annotations the following glibc calls are left to be analyzed:

- [mkfifo()](https://github.com/paolonig/wg_automotive_fork/blob/test_branch/safety-app.c#L70): looking at the glibc source code the call-tree is quite simple:  [__mknod](https://sourceware.org/git/?p=glibc.git;a=blob;f=sysdeps/posix/mkfifo.c;h=5f9452ce497a6bbd6bc42ea23c4c4af7118c2e09;hb=HEAD#l27)()->__mknod() ->mknodat(). Hence here there is not involvement at all of vdso and vvar
- [open()](https://github.com/paolonig/wg_automotive_fork/blob/test_branch/safety-app.c#L71): glibc implements a wrapper for the respective kernel syscall
- [ioctl()](https://github.com/paolonig/wg_automotive_fork/blob/test_branch/safety-app.c#L79): glibc implements a wrapper for the respective kernel syscall
- [usleep()](https://github.com/paolonig/wg_automotive_fork/blob/test_branch/safety-app.c#L109): 

<table>
  <tr>
   <td>
usleep
   </td>
   <td>
<a href="https://sourceware.org/git/?p=glibc.git;a=blob;f=sysdeps/posix/usleep.c;h=cfb9db1505c4f07ceb025b14e6bb801e50babae1;hb=bc6c1af537dbcc05e1559e02f0f12942a829c224#l23">Sourceware link for usleep.c</a>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>__nanosleep
   </td>
   <td>
<a href="https://sourceware.org/git/?p=glibc.git;a=blob_plain;f=posix/nanosleep.c;hb=HEAD">Sourceware link for nanosleep.c</a>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>__clock_nanosleep
   </td>
   <td>
<a href="https://sourceware.org/git/?p=glibc.git;a=blob_plain;f=sysdeps/unix/sysv/linux/clock_nanosleep.c;hb=HEAD">Sourceware link for clock_nanosleep.c</a>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>__clock_nanosleep_time64
   </td>
   <td>
<a href="https://sourceware.org/git/?p=glibc.git;a=blob_plain;f=sysdeps/unix/sysv/linux/clock_nanosleep.c;hb=HEAD">Sourceware link for clock_nanosleep_time64.c</a>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



`__clock_nanosleep_time64()` implements a wrapper around `clock_nanosleep_time64` or `clock_nanosleep` syscalls according with the underlying architecture.



- [fflush()](https://github.com/paolonig/wg_automotive_fork/blob/test_branch/safety-app.c#L111): TBD

<mark > **TODO:** </mark> there are lots of objects mapped in the safety app address space [here](KSR_002_files/ModifiedSafetyAppProcessMaps.md). We need to	understand which of these objects (and related areas) are safety related and which are not. Using `nm -D "executable_name"` we can retrieve the symbols required by the program and we can classify accordingly the rows of the proc/pid/maps.

`start_stack `contains the start address of the stack

`struct vm_area_struct * mmap`  is used to identify the all the VMA regions mapped in the current address space ( <mark > **TODO:** </mark> check if there is any mapped area in the telltale safety app)


## b. 
The Kernel is responsible for maintaining the integrity of process descriptors, process address spaces and associated structures (memory management structures) at runtime when memory is allocated, used and freed. 

<mark > **TODO:** </mark> investigate what happens upon memory mapping, allocation and free.


### Initial Considerations
Assuming that the heap area is not critical in the context of the [telltale safety app](https://github.com/elisa-tech/wg-automotive-safety-app/blob/main/safety-app.c) the initial investigation should be focused on the maintenance of the code and data sections as well as the stack section. More specifically: 
- how are these areas maintained during the execution of user code?
- how can they be corrupted?
	 
## c. 
The Kernel is responsible for maintaining the integrity of process descriptors and process address spaces at runtime when doing context switches. There are multiple situations that can generate a context switch:
- syscalls: e.g. for x86 [entry_SYSCALL_64](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/torvalds/linux.git/tree/arch/x86/entry/entry_64.S?h=v5.14#n87);
- explicit invocation of the scheduler __schedule();
- Interrupt and Exception handling
- Signals being sent between processes (<mark > **TODO:** </mark> investigate further what can happen here)  
context_switch() show user space mm being borrowed by kernel threads upon context switch:  
<mark > **TODO:** </mark> understand why this is required and if we can use a dummy mm instead of borrowing a real user space mm  
<mark > **TODO: (possibly in a different investigation thread)** </mark>: investigate the role of membarrier_switch_mm() when switching to user thread


## d. 
The Kernel subsystems and the HW supporting the integrity of processes address spaces upon creation and at runtime shall be properly configured at boot time. This is responsibility of start_kernel(); <mark > **TODO:** </mark> identify the subsystems of the Kernel that following the start_kernel() are invoked to meet this requirement  
<mark > **TODO:** </mark> Investigate if init user space processes (e.g. systemd) can impact the capability/functionalities of Kernel subsystems responsible for guaranteeing the integrity of process address spaces during creation or runtime.










