arch/alpha/kernel/core_irongate.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/kernel/core_marvel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/kernel/core_titan.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/kernel/core_tsunami.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/kernel/io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/kernel/irq_alpha.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/kernel/machvec_impl.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/kernel/pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/kernel/pci_iommu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/kernel/process.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/kernel/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/kernel/smp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/kernel/time.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/kernel/traps.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/callback_srm.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/checksum.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/clear_page.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/clear_user.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/copy_page.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/copy_user.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/csum_ipv6_magic.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/csum_partial_copy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/divide.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/ev67-strcat.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/ev67-strchr.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/ev67-strlen.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/ev67-strncat.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/ev67-strrchr.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/ev6-clear_page.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/ev6-clear_user.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/ev6-copy_page.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/ev6-copy_user.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/ev6-csum_ipv6_magic.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/ev6-divide.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/ev6-memchr.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/ev6-memcpy.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/ev6-memset.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/fls.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/fpreg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/memchr.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/memcpy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/memmove.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/memset.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/strcat.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/strchr.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/strcpy.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/strlen.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/strncat.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/strncpy.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/strrchr.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/udelay.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/alpha/lib/udiv-qrnnd.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arc/kernel/arcksyms.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arc/kernel/intc-compact.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arc/kernel/process.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arc/kernel/reset.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arc/kernel/smp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arc/kernel/stacktrace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arc/kernel/unwind.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arc/mm/cache.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arc/mm/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arc/mm/ioremap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/crypto/aes-ce-glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/crypto/aes-glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/crypto/chacha-neon-glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/crypto/poly1305-glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/crypto/sha256-glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/crypto/sha512-glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/crypto/sm4-ce-glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/hyperv/hv_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/hyperv/mshyperv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/include/asm/asm-prototypes.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/include/asm/assembler.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/kernel/acpi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/kernel/alternative.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/kernel/cacheinfo.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/kernel/cpufeature.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/kernel/entry-ftrace.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/kernel/fpsimd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/kernel/hibernate.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/kernel/io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/kernel/mte.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/kernel/pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/kernel/process.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/kernel/return_address.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/kernel/smccc-call.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/kernel/smp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/kernel/time.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/lib/clear_page.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/lib/clear_user.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/lib/copy_from_user.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/lib/copy_page.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/lib/copy_to_user.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/lib/csum.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/lib/delay.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/lib/kasan_sw_tags.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/lib/memchr.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/lib/memcmp.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/lib/memcpy.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/lib/memset.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/lib/strchr.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/lib/strcmp.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/lib/strlen.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/lib/strncmp.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/lib/strnlen.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/lib/strrchr.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/lib/tishift.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/lib/uaccess_flushcache.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/lib/xor-neon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/mm/context.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/mm/contpte.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/mm/copypage.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/mm/flush.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/mm/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/mm/ioremap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/mm/mmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/mm/mmu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm64/mm/physaddr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/common/bL_switcher.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/common/krait-l2-accessors.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/common/locomo.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/common/mcpm_entry.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/common/sa1111.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/common/scoop.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/common/sharpsl_param.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/crypto/blake2s-glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/crypto/chacha-glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/crypto/curve25519-glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/crypto/poly1305-glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/crypto/sha1_glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/crypto/sha256_glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/kernel/armksyms.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/kernel/bios32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/kernel/dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/kernel/elf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/kernel/fiq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/kernel/io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/kernel/opcodes.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/kernel/process.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/kernel/reboot.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/kernel/return_address.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/kernel/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/kernel/stacktrace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/kernel/tcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/kernel/time.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/kernel/traps.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/kernel/unwind.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/lib/delay.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/lib/xor-neon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-at91/pm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-davinci/common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-davinci/sram.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-ep93xx/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-footbridge/common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-footbridge/netwinder-hw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-imx/cpuidle-imx6q.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-imx/cpu-imx25.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-imx/cpu-imx27.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-imx/cpu-imx31.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-imx/cpu-imx35.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-imx/cpu-imx5.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-imx/irq-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-imx/ssi-fiq-ksym.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-lpc32xx/common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-lpc32xx/serial.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-mmp/common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-omap1/board-sx1.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-omap1/id.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-omap1/io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-omap1/mux.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-omap1/ocpi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-omap1/omap-dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-omap2/id.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-pxa/generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-pxa/pm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-pxa/pxa27x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-rpc/ecard.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-s3c/dev-audio-s3c64xx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-s3c/gpio-samsung.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-sa1100/assabet.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-sa1100/jornada720_ssp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-sa1100/neponset.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-sa1100/ssp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mach-zynq/platsmp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mm/dma-mapping.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mm/flush.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mm/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mm/iomap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mm/ioremap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mm/mmu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mm/nommu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mm/physaddr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/mm/proc-syms.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/plat-orion/gpio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/probes/decode-arm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/probes/decode-thumb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/vfp/vfpmodule.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/xen/enlighten.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/arm/xen/p2m.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/csky/abiv1/bswapdi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/csky/abiv1/bswapsi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/csky/abiv1/cacheflush.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/csky/abiv2/strksyms.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/csky/kernel/ftrace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/csky/kernel/io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/csky/kernel/power.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/csky/kernel/process.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/csky/kernel/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/csky/kernel/stacktrace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/csky/lib/delay.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/csky/lib/string.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/csky/lib/usercopy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/csky/mm/cachev1.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/csky/mm/cachev2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/csky/mm/highmem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/csky/mm/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/csky/mm/ioremap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/csky/mm/tcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/csky/mm/tlb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/hexagon/kernel/hexagon_ksyms.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/hexagon/kernel/reset.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/hexagon/kernel/stacktrace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/hexagon/kernel/time.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/hexagon/lib/checksum.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/hexagon/lib/io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/hexagon/mm/cache.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/kernel/acpi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/kernel/alternative.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/kernel/cpu-probe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/kernel/efi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/kernel/env.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/kernel/fpu.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/kernel/io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/kernel/kfpu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/kernel/lbt.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/kernel/mcount.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/kernel/numa.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/kernel/process.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/kernel/reset.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/kernel/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/kernel/smp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/kernel/time.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/kernel/traps.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/kernel/unwind_guess.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/kernel/unwind_orc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/kernel/unwind_prologue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/lib/clear_user.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/lib/copy_user.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/lib/csum.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/lib/delay.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/lib/memcpy.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/lib/memmove.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/lib/memset.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/lib/tishift.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/lib/xor_simd_glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/mm/cache.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/mm/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/mm/mmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/mm/page.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/mm/pgtable.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/loongarch/mm/tlb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/amiga/amisound.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/amiga/chipram.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/amiga/config.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/amiga/pcmcia.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/atari/ataints.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/atari/atakeyb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/atari/atasound.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/atari/config.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/atari/debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/atari/stdma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/atari/stram.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/atari/time.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/coldfire/clk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/coldfire/gpio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/emu/natfeat.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/hp300/config.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/kernel/ints.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/kernel/process.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/kernel/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/kernel/setup_mm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/kernel/setup_no.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/kernel/time.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/lib/checksum.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/lib/divsi3.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/lib/memcpy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/lib/memmove.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/lib/memset.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/lib/modsi3.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/lib/muldi3.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/lib/mulsi3.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/lib/uaccess.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/lib/udivsi3.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/lib/umodsi3.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/mac/config.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/mac/psc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/mac/via.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/mm/cache.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/mm/hwtest.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/mm/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/mm/kmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/mm/memory.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/mm/motorola.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/mm/sun3kmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/mvme16x/config.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/sun3/idprom.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/sun3/mmu_emu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/m68k/sun3/sun3dvma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/microblaze/kernel/microblaze_ksyms.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/microblaze/kernel/process.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/microblaze/kernel/stacktrace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/microblaze/lib/ashldi3.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/microblaze/lib/ashrdi3.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/microblaze/lib/cmpdi2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/microblaze/lib/lshrdi3.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/microblaze/lib/memcpy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/microblaze/lib/memmove.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/microblaze/lib/memset.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/microblaze/lib/muldi3.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/microblaze/lib/ucmpdi2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/microblaze/mm/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/microblaze/mm/pgtable.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/microblaze/pci/iomap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/alchemy/common/dbdma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/alchemy/common/dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/alchemy/common/irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/alchemy/common/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/alchemy/common/usb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/alchemy/common/vss.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/alchemy/devboards/bcsr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/ath79/common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/bcm47xx/board.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/bcm47xx/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/bcm63xx/clk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/bcm63xx/cpu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/bcm63xx/cs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/bcm63xx/dev-enet.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/bcm63xx/nvram.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/bcm63xx/reset.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/bcm63xx/timer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/cavium-octeon/crypto/octeon-crypto.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/cavium-octeon/csrc-octeon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/cavium-octeon/executive/cvmx-bootmem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/cavium-octeon/executive/cvmx-boot-vector.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/cavium-octeon/executive/cvmx-cmd-queue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/cavium-octeon/executive/cvmx-helper.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/cavium-octeon/executive/cvmx-helper-errata.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/cavium-octeon/executive/cvmx-helper-util.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/cavium-octeon/executive/cvmx-pko.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/cavium-octeon/executive/cvmx-spi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/cavium-octeon/executive/cvmx-sysinfo.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/cavium-octeon/executive/octeon-model.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/cavium-octeon/octeon-irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/cavium-octeon/octeon-memcpy.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/cavium-octeon/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/cavium-octeon/smp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/crypto/chacha-glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/crypto/poly1305-glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/dec/prom/identify.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/dec/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/dec/wbflush.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/include/asm/uasm.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/jazz/jazzdma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/kernel/branch.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/kernel/cpu-probe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/kernel/cpu-r3k-probe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/kernel/elf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/kernel/idle.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/kernel/mcount.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/kernel/process.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/kernel/ptrace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/kernel/r2300_fpu.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/kernel/r4k_fpu.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/kernel/reset.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/kernel/rtlx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/kernel/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/kernel/smp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/kernel/stacktrace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/kernel/time.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/kernel/traps.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/kernel/vpe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/kernel/vpe-mt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/kvm/tlb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/lantiq/clk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/lantiq/irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/lantiq/prom.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/lantiq/xway/dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/lantiq/xway/sysctrl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/lantiq/xway/vmmc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/lib/bitops.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/lib/bswapdi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/lib/bswapsi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/lib/csum_partial.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/lib/delay.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/lib/iomap_copy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/lib/memcpy.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/lib/memset.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/lib/mips-atomic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/lib/multi3.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/lib/strncpy_user.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/lib/strnlen_user.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/loongson2ef/common/cs5536/cs5536_mfgpt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/loongson2ef/common/env.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/loongson2ef/common/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/loongson2ef/common/uart_base.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/loongson2ef/lemote-2f/clock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/loongson2ef/lemote-2f/ec_kb3310b.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/loongson2ef/lemote-2f/irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/loongson2ef/lemote-2f/pm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/loongson64/env.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/loongson64/numa.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/mm/cache.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/mm/c-octeon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/mm/context.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/mm/c-r4k.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/mm/highmem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/mm/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/mm/ioremap64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/mm/ioremap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/mm/mmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/mm/page.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/mm/page-funcs.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/mm/pgtable-64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/mm/pgtable.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/mm/physaddr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/mm/tlbex.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/mm/tlb-funcs.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/mm/tlb-r4k.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/mm/uasm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/mti-malta/malta-time.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/pci/ops-loongson2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/pci/pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/pci/pci-ip27.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/pic32/pic32mzda/config.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/ralink/irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/ralink/irq-gic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/ralink/of.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/ralink/prom.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/rb532/devices.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/rb532/gpio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/rb532/prom.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/rb532/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/sgi-ip22/ip22-gio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/sgi-ip22/ip22-hpc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/sgi-ip22/ip22-mc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/sgi-ip22/ip22-nvram.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/sgi-ip27/ip27-init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/sgi-ip27/ip27-memory.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/sgi-ip32/crime.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/sibyte/bcm1480/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/sibyte/sb1250/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/sni/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/mips/txx9/generic/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/nios2/kernel/nios2_ksyms.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/nios2/kernel/process.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/nios2/kernel/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/nios2/kernel/time.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/nios2/lib/delay.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/nios2/mm/cacheflush.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/nios2/mm/ioremap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/nios2/mm/uaccess.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/openrisc/kernel/irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/openrisc/kernel/or32_ksyms.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/openrisc/kernel/process.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/openrisc/kernel/smp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/openrisc/kernel/stacktrace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/openrisc/lib/delay.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/openrisc/lib/memcpy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/openrisc/mm/cache.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/parisc/kernel/cache.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/parisc/kernel/drivers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/parisc/kernel/firmware.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/parisc/kernel/parisc_ksyms.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/parisc/kernel/pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/parisc/kernel/process.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/parisc/kernel/processor.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/parisc/kernel/time.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/parisc/lib/checksum.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/parisc/lib/delay.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/parisc/lib/io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/parisc/lib/iomap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/parisc/lib/memcpy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/parisc/mm/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/parisc/mm/ioremap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/parisc/video/video-sti.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/crypto/chacha-p10-glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/crypto/curve25519-ppc64le-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/include/asm/kasan.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/include/asm/machdep.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/btext.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/cputable.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/crash_dump.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/dawr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/dma-mask.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/eeh.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/eeh_pe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/epapr_hcalls.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/exceptions-64s.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/firmware.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/fpu.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/idle.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/iomap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/iommu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/irq_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/isa-bridge.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/kdebugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/mce.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/misc_32.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/misc_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/misc.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/paca.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/pci_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/pci_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/pci-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/pci_dn.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/pci-hotplug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/pci_of_scan.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/pmc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/process.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/prom.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/rtas.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/rtasd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/security.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/setup_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/setup_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/setup-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/smp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/static_call.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/sysfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/time.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/tm.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/trace/ftrace_64_pg_entry.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/trace/ftrace_entry.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/traps.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/ucall.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/vector.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kernel/watchdog.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kexec/crash.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kvm/book3s_64_entry.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kvm/book3s_64_vio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kvm/book3s.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kvm/book3s_exports.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kvm/book3s_hv_builtin.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kvm/book3s_hv_nestedv2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kvm/book3s_hv_p9_entry.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kvm/book3s_hv_p9_perf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kvm/book3s_hv_ras.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kvm/book3s_hv_rmhandlers.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kvm/book3s_hv_rm_mmu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kvm/book3s_hv_rm_xics.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kvm/book3s_rtas.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kvm/book3s_xics.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kvm/book3s_xive.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kvm/emulate.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kvm/guest-state-buffer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kvm/powerpc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/kvm/tm.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/checksum_32.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/checksum_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/copy_32.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/copy_mc_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/copypage_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/copyuser_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/feature-fixups.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/hweight_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/locks.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/mem_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/memcmp_32.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/memcmp_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/memcpy_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/pmem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/qspinlock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/rheap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/sstep.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/string_32.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/string_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/string.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/strlen_32.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/lib/xor_vmx_glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/book3s32/hash_low.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/book3s32/mmu_context.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/book3s32/tlb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/book3s64/hash_pgtable.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/book3s64/hash_utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/book3s64/hugetlbpage.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/book3s64/iommu_api.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/book3s64/mmu_context.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/book3s64/pgtable.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/book3s64/pkeys.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/book3s64/radix_tlb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/book3s64/slice.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/cacheflush.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/copro_fault.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/init_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/init_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/init-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/ioremap_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/ioremap_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/ioremap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/mem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/nohash/tlb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/numa.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/pgtable_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/mm/pgtable.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/512x/mpc512x_lpbfifo.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/512x/mpc512x_shared.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/52xx/mpc52xx_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/52xx/mpc52xx_gpt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/83xx/suspend.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/8xx/cpm1.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/cell/cbe_regs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/cell/interrupt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/cell/pmu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/cell/spu_base.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/cell/spu_callbacks.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/cell/spufs/inode.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/cell/spufs/switch.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/cell/spu_manage.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/cell/spu_syscalls.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/chrp/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/pasemi/dma_lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/powermac/backlight.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/powermac/feature.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/powermac/low_i2c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/powermac/nvram.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/powermac/pfunc_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/powermac/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/powernv/idle.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/powernv/ocxl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/powernv/opal-async.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/powernv/opal.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/powernv/opal-irqchip.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/powernv/opal-sensor.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/powernv/opal-sensor-groups.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/powernv/pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/powernv/pci-cxl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/powernv/pci-ioda.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/powernv/rng.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/powernv/vas.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/powernv/vas-window.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/ps3/exports.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/ps3/gelic_udbg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/ps3/interrupt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/ps3/mm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/ps3/os-area.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/ps3/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/ps3/spu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/ps3/system-bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/pseries/cc_platform.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/pseries/eeh_pseries.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/pseries/hvconsole.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/pseries/hvcserver.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/pseries/ibmebus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/pseries/io_event_irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/pseries/lpar.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/pseries/of_helpers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/pseries/pci_dlpar.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/pseries/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/pseries/vas.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/platforms/pseries/vio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/sysdev/cpm2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/sysdev/dcr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/sysdev/dcr-low.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/sysdev/fsl_gtm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/sysdev/fsl_lbc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/sysdev/fsl_rio.c is documented
arch/powerpc/sysdev/fsl_soc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/sysdev/mpc5xxx_clocks.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/sysdev/mpic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/sysdev/mpic_msgr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/sysdev/mpic_timer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/sysdev/msi_bitmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/sysdev/pmi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/sysdev/tsi108_dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/sysdev/xics/icp-native.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/sysdev/xive/common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/sysdev/xive/native.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/powerpc/xmon/xmon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/kernel/acpi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/kernel/cacheinfo.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/kernel/cpu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/kernel/cpufeature.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/kernel/hibernate.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/kernel/irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/kernel/kernel_mode_fpu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/kernel/kernel_mode_vector.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/kernel/mcount.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/kernel/process.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/kernel/reset.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/kernel/return_address.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/kernel/riscv_ksyms.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/kernel/sbi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/kernel/sbi-ipi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/kernel/smp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/kernel/time.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/kernel/vector.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/kernel/vendor_extensions.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/lib/clear_page.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/lib/csum.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/lib/delay.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/lib/tishift.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/lib/uaccess.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/lib/xor.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/mm/cacheflush.c is documented
arch/riscv/mm/cache-ops.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/mm/dma-noncoherent.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/mm/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/mm/pgtable.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/mm/physaddr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/riscv/mm/pmem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/appldata/appldata_base.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/crypto/arch_random.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/crypto/chacha-glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/crypto/sha_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/include/asm/nospec-insn.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/cpcmd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/cpufeature.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/ctlreg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/debug.c is documented
arch/s390/kernel/diag.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/dumpstack.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/ebcdic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/entry.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/facility.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/fpu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/ipl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/kdebugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/lgr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/numa.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/smp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/stacktrace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/sthyi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/sysinfo.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/time.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/topology.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/unwind_bc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/uv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kernel/vtime.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kvm/interrupt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kvm/kvm-s390.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/kvm/pv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/lib/csum-partial.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/lib/delay.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/lib/find.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/lib/mem.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/lib/spinlock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/lib/string.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/lib/test_modules_helpers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/lib/tishift.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/lib/uaccess.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/lib/xor.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/mm/extmem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/mm/gmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/mm/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/mm/pgalloc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/mm/pgtable.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/mm/physaddr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/net/pnet.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/pci/pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/pci/pci_debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/pci/pci_insn.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/s390/pci/pci_kvm_hook.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/boards/mach-x3proto/ilsel.c is documented
arch/sh/drivers/dma/dma-api.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/drivers/dma/dmabrg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/drivers/pci/pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/kernel/cpu/adc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/kernel/cpu/irq/ipr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/kernel/cpu/proc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/kernel/cpu/sh4/sq.c is documented
arch/sh/kernel/io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/kernel/iomap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/kernel/ioport.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/kernel/io_trapped.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/kernel/irq_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/kernel/kdebugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/kernel/process_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/kernel/process.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/kernel/reboot.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/kernel/return_address.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/kernel/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/kernel/sh_bios.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/kernel/sh_ksyms_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/kernel/stacktrace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/kernel/topology.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/kernel/unwinder.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/kernel/vsyscall/vsyscall.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/lib/io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/mm/cache.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/mm/ioremap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/mm/mmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/mm/numa.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sh/mm/uncached.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/adi_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/auxio_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/auxio_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/cpumap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/ebus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/entry.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/head_32.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/head_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/helpers.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/hvapi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/hvcalls.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/idprom.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/iommu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/ioport.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/irq_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/ldc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/mdesc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/nmi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/of_device_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/of_device_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/pcr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/process_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/prom_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/ptrace_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/reboot.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/sbus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/setup_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/setup_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/smp_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/sparc_ksyms.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/stacktrace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/sys_sparc_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/time_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/time_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/traps_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/traps_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/vio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/kernel/viohs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/ashldi3.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/ashrdi3.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/atomic32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/atomic_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/bitops.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/blockops.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/bzero.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/checksum_32.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/checksum_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/clear_page.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/copy_in_user.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/copy_page.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/copy_user.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/csum_copy.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/divdi3.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/ffs.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/fls64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/fls.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/hweight.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/iomap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/ipcsum.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/locks.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/lshrdi3.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/mcount.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/memcmp.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/memcpy.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/memmove.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/memscan_32.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/memscan_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/memset.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/muldi3.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/multi3.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/PeeCeeI.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/strlen.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/strncmp_32.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/strncmp_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/U1memcpy.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/VISsave.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/lib/xor.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/mm/init_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/mm/init_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/mm/srmmu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/prom/init_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/prom/misc_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/prom/misc_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/prom/ranges.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/prom/tree_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/prom/tree_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/sparc/video/video-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/um/drivers/harddog_user_exp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/um/drivers/mconsole_kern.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/um/kernel/exec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/um/kernel/gprof_syms.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/um/kernel/irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/um/kernel/ksyms.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/um/kernel/mem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/um/kernel/physmem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/um/kernel/process.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/um/kernel/reboot.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/um/kernel/signal.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/um/kernel/skas/uaccess.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/um/kernel/stacktrace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/um/kernel/time.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/um/kernel/um_arch.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/um/os-Linux/user_syms.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/coco/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/coco/sev/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/coco/sev/shared.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/coco/tdx/tdx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/crypto/aria_aesni_avx2_glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/crypto/aria_aesni_avx_glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/crypto/blake2s-glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/crypto/camellia_aesni_avx_glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/crypto/camellia_glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/crypto/chacha_glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/crypto/curve25519-x86_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/crypto/poly1305_glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/crypto/serpent_avx_glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/crypto/sm4_aesni_avx_glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/crypto/twofish_glue_3way.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/crypto/twofish_glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/entry/common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/entry/entry_64_fred.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/entry/entry_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/entry/entry.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/entry/thunk.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/events/amd/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/events/amd/ibs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/events/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/events/intel/lbr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/events/intel/pt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/events/probe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/hyperv/hv_init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/hyperv/irqdomain.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/hyperv/ivm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/hyperv/nested.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/acpi/boot.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/acpi/cstate.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/alternative.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/amd_nb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/apic/apic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/apic/apic_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/apic/apic_flat_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/apic/io_apic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/apic/msi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/apic/probe_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/apic/vector.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/apic/x2apic_uv_x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/acrn.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/amd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/aperfmperf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/bugs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/hypervisor.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/intel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/match.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/mce/amd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/mce/apei.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/mce/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/mce/dev-mcelog.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/microcode/intel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/mshyperv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/mtrr/generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/mtrr/mtrr.c is documented
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/perfctr-watchdog.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/sgx/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/sgx/virt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/topology.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/topology_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/cpu/vmware.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/e820.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/early-quirks.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/fpu/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/fpu/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/fpu/xstate.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/ftrace_32.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/ftrace_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/head_32.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/head64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/head_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/hpet.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/hw_breakpoint.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/i8259.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/io_delay.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/irqflags.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/kdebugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/kvm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/nmi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/paravirt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/pci-dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/probe_roms.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/process_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/process_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/process.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/pvclock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/quirks.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/reboot.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/rtc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/setup_percpu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/smpboot.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/smp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/static_call.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/time.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/tsc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/unwind_frame.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/unwind_guess.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/unwind_orc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kernel/x86_init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kvm/cpuid.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kvm/hyperv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kvm/irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kvm/irq_comm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kvm/kvm_onhyperv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kvm/lapic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kvm/mmu/mmu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kvm/mmu/page_track.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kvm/mmu/spte.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kvm/pmu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/kvm/x86.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/atomic64_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/cache-smp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/checksum_32.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/clear_page_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/cmpxchg8b_emu.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/copy_mc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/copy_page_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/copy_user_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/copy_user_uncached_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/cpu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/csum-partial_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/csum-wrappers_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/delay.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/getuser.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/hweight.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/iomem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/memcpy_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/memcpy_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/memmove_32.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/memmove_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/memset_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/msr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/msr-reg-export.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/msr-smp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/putuser.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/retpoline.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/string_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/strstr_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/usercopy_32.c is documented
arch/x86/lib/usercopy_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/lib/usercopy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/mm/cpu_entry_area.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/mm/dump_pagetables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/mm/init_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/mm/init_64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/mm/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/mm/iomap_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/mm/ioremap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/mm/kmmio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/mm/mem_encrypt_amd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/mm/mmio-mod.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/mm/numa.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/mm/pat/memtype.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/mm/pat/set_memory.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/mm/pgprot.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/mm/pgtable_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/mm/pgtable.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/mm/physaddr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/mm/tlb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/pci/i386.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/pci/legacy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/pci/pcbios.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/pci/sta2x11-fixup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/pci/xen.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/platform/efi/quirks.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/platform/intel/iosf_mbi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/platform/intel-quark/imr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/platform/olpc/olpc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/platform/olpc/olpc_ofw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/platform/olpc/olpc-xo1-pm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/platform/scx200/scx200_32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/platform/uv/bios_uv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/platform/uv/uv_irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/power/cpu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/um/delay.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/video/video-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/virt/svm/sev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/virt/vmx/tdx/tdx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/xen/enlighten.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/xen/enlighten_hvm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/xen/enlighten_pvh.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/xen/mmu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/xen/mmu_pv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/xen/p2m.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/x86/xen/platform-pci-unplug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/kernel/mcount.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/kernel/process.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/kernel/setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/kernel/smp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/kernel/stacktrace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/kernel/time.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/kernel/xtensa_ksyms.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/lib/ashldi3.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/lib/ashrdi3.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/lib/bswapdi2.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/lib/bswapsi2.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/lib/checksum.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/lib/divsi3.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/lib/lshrdi3.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/lib/memcopy.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/lib/memset.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/lib/modsi3.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/lib/mulsi3.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/lib/strncpy_user.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/lib/strnlen_user.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/lib/udivsi3.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/lib/umodsi3.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/lib/umulsidi3.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/lib/usercopy.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/mm/cache.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/mm/ioremap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
arch/xtensa/mm/misc.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/badblocks.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/bdev.c is documented
block/bio.c is documented
block/bio-integrity.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/blk-cgroup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/blk-cgroup-fc-appid.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/blk-cgroup-rwstat.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/blk-core.c is documented
block/blk-crypto.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/blk-crypto-profile.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/blk-flush.c is documented
block/blk-ia-ranges.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/blk-integrity.c is documented
block/blk-ioc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/blk-lib.c is documented
block/blk-map.c is documented
block/blk-merge.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/blk-mq.c is documented
block/blk-mq-cpumap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/blk-mq-debugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/blk-mq-pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/blk-mq-sched.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/blk-mq-tag.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/blk-mq-virtio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/blk-pm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/blk-settings.c is documented
block/blk-stat.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/blk-timeout.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/blk-wbt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/blk-zoned.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/bsg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/bsg-lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/disk-events.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/elevator.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/genhd.c is documented
block/holder.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/ioctl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/partitions/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
block/sed-opal.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
certs/blacklist.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
certs/system_keyring.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/acompress.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/aead.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/aes_generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/af_alg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/ahash.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/akcipher.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/algapi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/api.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/aria_generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/asymmetric_keys/asymmetric_type.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/asymmetric_keys/pkcs7_parser.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/asymmetric_keys/pkcs7_trust.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/asymmetric_keys/pkcs7_verify.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/asymmetric_keys/public_key.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/asymmetric_keys/signature.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/asymmetric_keys/x509_cert_parser.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/asymmetric_keys/x509_loader.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/async_tx/async_memcpy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/async_tx/async_pq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/async_tx/async_raid6_recov.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/async_tx/async_tx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/async_tx/async_xor.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/authenc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/blake2b_generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/blowfish_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/cast5_generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/cast6_generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/cast_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/cipher.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/compress.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/crct10dif_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/cryptd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/crypto_engine.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/crypto_null.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/dh_helper.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/ecc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/ecdh_helper.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/fips.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/geniv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/hash_info.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/jitterentropy-testing.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/kdf_sp800108.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/kpp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/lskcipher.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/md5.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/nhpoly1305.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/polyval-generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/rng.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/rsa_helper.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/scatterwalk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/scompress.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/serpent_generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/sha1_generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/sha256_generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/sha3_generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/sha512_generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/shash.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/sig.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/simd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/skcipher.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/sm3.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/sm3_generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/sm4.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/testmgr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/twofish_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
crypto/xor.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/bpf/bpf_design_QA.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/bpf/bpf_licensing.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/bpf/kfuncs.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/core-api/symbol-namespaces.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/dev-tools/checkpatch.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/dev-tools/kunit/usage.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/doc-guide/contributing.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/doc-guide/kernel-doc.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/driver-api/driver-model/porting.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/kbuild/modules.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/kernel-hacking/hacking.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/bpf/bpf_design_QA.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/bpf/bpf_licensing.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/bpf/kfuncs.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/core-api/symbol-namespaces.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/dev-tools/checkpatch.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/dev-tools/kunit/usage.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/doc-guide/contributing.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/doc-guide/kernel-doc.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/driver-api/auxiliary_bus.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/driver-api/driver-model/porting.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/kbuild/modules.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/kernel-hacking/hacking.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/process/coding-style.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/process/license-rules.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/searchindex.js is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/bpf/bpf_design_QA.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/bpf/bpf_licensing.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/bpf/kfuncs.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/core-api/symbol-namespaces.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/dev-tools/checkpatch.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/dev-tools/kunit/usage.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/doc-guide/contributing.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/doc-guide/kernel-doc.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/driver-api/driver-model/porting.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/kbuild/modules.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/kernel-hacking/hacking.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/process/coding-style.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/process/license-rules.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/trace/ftrace-design.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/translations/it_IT/core-api/symbol-namespaces.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/translations/it_IT/doc-guide/kernel-doc.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/translations/it_IT/kernel-hacking/hacking.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/translations/it_IT/process/coding-style.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/translations/it_IT/process/license-rules.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/translations/sp_SP/process/coding-style.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/translations/zh_CN/core-api/symbol-namespaces.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/translations/zh_CN/doc-guide/contributing.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/translations/zh_CN/doc-guide/kernel-doc.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/translations/zh_CN/kernel-hacking/hacking.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/translations/zh_CN/process/coding-style.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/translations/zh_CN/process/license-rules.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/translations/zh_TW/process/coding-style.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/_sources/translations/zh_TW/process/license-rules.rst.txt is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/trace/ftrace-design.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/translations/it_IT/core-api/symbol-namespaces.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/translations/it_IT/doc-guide/kernel-doc.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/translations/it_IT/kernel-hacking/hacking.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/translations/it_IT/process/coding-style.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/translations/it_IT/process/license-rules.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/translations/sp_SP/process/coding-style.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/translations/zh_CN/core-api/symbol-namespaces.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/translations/zh_CN/doc-guide/contributing.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/translations/zh_CN/doc-guide/kernel-doc.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/translations/zh_CN/kernel-hacking/hacking.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/translations/zh_CN/process/coding-style.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/translations/zh_CN/process/license-rules.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/translations/zh_TW/process/coding-style.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/output/translations/zh_TW/process/license-rules.html is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/process/coding-style.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/process/license-rules.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/scsi/ChangeLog.lpfc is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/trace/ftrace-design.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/translations/it_IT/core-api/symbol-namespaces.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/translations/it_IT/doc-guide/kernel-doc.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/translations/it_IT/kernel-hacking/hacking.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/translations/it_IT/process/coding-style.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/translations/it_IT/process/license-rules.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/translations/sp_SP/process/coding-style.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/translations/zh_CN/core-api/symbol-namespaces.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/translations/zh_CN/doc-guide/contributing.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/translations/zh_CN/doc-guide/kernel-doc.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/translations/zh_CN/kernel-hacking/hacking.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/translations/zh_CN/process/coding-style.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/translations/zh_CN/process/license-rules.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/translations/zh_TW/process/coding-style.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
Documentation/translations/zh_TW/process/license-rules.rst is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/accel/drm_accel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/accessibility/speakup/buffers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/accessibility/speakup/kobjects.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/accessibility/speakup/serialio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/accessibility/speakup/spk_ttyio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/accessibility/speakup/synth.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/accessibility/speakup/thread.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/accessibility/speakup/varhandlers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpi_adxl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/dbxface.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/evxface.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/evxfevnt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/evxfgpe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/evxfregn.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/hwtimer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/hwxface.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/hwxfsleep.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/nsxfeval.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/nsxfname.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/nsxfobj.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/rscreate.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/rsxface.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/tbdata.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/tbxface.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/tbxfload.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/tbxfroot.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/utdebug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/utexcep.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/utglobal.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/utxface.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/utxferror.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/utxfinit.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpica/utxfmutex.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpi_ipmi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpi_lpat.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpi_lpit.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpi_platform.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpi_pnp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpi_processor.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpi_video.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/acpi_watchdog.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/apei/apei-base.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/apei/einj-cxl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/apei/erst.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/apei/ghes.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/apei/hest.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/arm64/iort.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/arm64/thermal_cpufreq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/battery.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/button.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/cppc_acpi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/debugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/device_pm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/device_sysfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/dock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/ec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/event.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/hed.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/nfit/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/nhlt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/numa/hmat.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/numa/srat.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/osi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/osl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/pci_root.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/platform_profile.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/pmic/intel_pmic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/processor_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/processor_perflib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/property.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/resource.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/sbshc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/scan.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/sleep.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/spcr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/tables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/thermal_lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/video_detect.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/wakeup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/x86/cmos_rtc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/x86/s2idle.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/acpi/x86/utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/amba/bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/amba/tegra-ahb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ata/libahci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ata/libahci_platform.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ata/libata-acpi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ata/libata-core.c is documented
drivers/ata/libata-eh.c is documented
drivers/ata/libata-pata-timings.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ata/libata-pmp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ata/libata-sata.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ata/libata-scsi.c is documented
drivers/ata/libata-sff.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ata/libata-transport.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ata/pata_parport/pata_parport.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ata/pata_platform.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ata/pata_sis.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ata/sata_gemini.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/atm/idt77105.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/atm/suni.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/auxdisplay/cfag12864b.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/auxdisplay/charlcd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/auxdisplay/hd44780_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/auxdisplay/ks0108.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/auxdisplay/line-display.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/arch_numa.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/arch_topology.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/attribute_container.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/auxiliary.c is documented
drivers/base/auxiliary_sysfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/bus.c is documented
drivers/base/class.c is documented
drivers/base/component.c is documented
drivers/base/core.c is documented
drivers/base/cpu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/dd.c is documented
drivers/base/devcoredump.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/devres.c is documented
drivers/base/driver.c is documented
drivers/base/firmware.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/firmware_loader/builtin/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/firmware_loader/fallback_table.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/firmware_loader/main.c is documented
drivers/base/firmware_loader/sysfs_upload.c is documented
drivers/base/hypervisor.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/isa.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/memory.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/node.c is documented
drivers/base/platform.c is documented
drivers/base/platform-msi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/power/clock_ops.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/power/common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/power/generic_ops.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/power/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/power/qos.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/power/runtime.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/power/sysfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/power/trace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/power/wakeirq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/power/wakeup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/property.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/regmap/regcache.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/regmap/regmap-ac97.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/regmap/regmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/regmap/regmap-fsi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/regmap/regmap-i2c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/regmap/regmap-i3c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/regmap/regmap-irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/regmap/regmap-mdio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/regmap/regmap-mmio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/regmap/regmap-ram.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/regmap/regmap-raw-ram.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/regmap/regmap-sccb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/regmap/regmap-sdw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/regmap/regmap-sdw-mbq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/regmap/regmap-slimbus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/regmap/regmap-spi-avmm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/regmap/regmap-spi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/regmap/regmap-spmi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/regmap/regmap-w1.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/soc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/swnode.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/base/syscore.c is documented
drivers/base/transport_class.c is documented
drivers/bcma/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bcma/driver_chipcommon_b.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bcma/driver_chipcommon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bcma/driver_chipcommon_pmu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bcma/driver_mips.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bcma/driver_pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bcma/driver_pci_host.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bcma/host_pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bcma/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/block/drbd/drbd_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bluetooth/btbcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bluetooth/btintel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bluetooth/btmrvl_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bluetooth/btmtk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bluetooth/btqca.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bluetooth/btrsi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bluetooth/btrtl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bluetooth/hci_h4.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bluetooth/hci_ldisc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bluetooth/hci_serdev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/arm-cci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/fsl-mc/dpbp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/fsl-mc/dpcon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/fsl-mc/dprc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/fsl-mc/dprc-driver.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/fsl-mc/fsl-mc-allocator.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/fsl-mc/fsl-mc-bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/fsl-mc/mc-io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/fsl-mc/mc-sys.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/fsl-mc/obj-api.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/mhi/ep/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/mhi/host/boot.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/mhi/host/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/mhi/host/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/mhi/host/pm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/mips_cdmm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/moxtet.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/mvebu-mbus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/stm32_firewall.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/sunxi-rsb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/ts-nbus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/bus/vexpress-config.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/cache/sifive_ccache.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/cdrom/cdrom.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/cdx/cdx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/cdx/cdx_msi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/agp/backend.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/agp/generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/agp/intel-gtt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/apm-emulation.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/hw_random/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/ipmi/ipmi_dmi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/ipmi/ipmi_msghandler.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/ipmi/ipmi_plat_data.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/ipmi/kcs_bmc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/misc.c is documented
drivers/char/nsc_gpio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/nvram.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/random.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/scx200_gpio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/toshiba.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/tpm/st33zp24/st33zp24.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/tpm/tpm1-cmd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/tpm/tpm2-cmd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/tpm/tpm2-sessions.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/tpm/tpm-buf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/tpm/tpm-chip.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/tpm/tpm-interface.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/tpm/tpm_tis_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/xillybus/xillybus_class.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/char/xillybus/xillybus_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/analogbits/wrpll-cln28hpc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/at91/pmc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/clk-bulk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/clk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/clk-composite.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/clk-conf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/clkdev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/clk-devres.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/clk-divider.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/clk-fixed-factor.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/clk-fixed-rate.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/clk-fractional-divider.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/clk-gate.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/clk-multiplier.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/clk-mux.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/hisilicon/clk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/hisilicon/clk-hisi-phase.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/hisilicon/reset.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/imx/clk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/imx/clk-composite-7ulp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/imx/clk-composite-8m.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/imx/clk-composite-93.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/imx/clk-cpu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/imx/clk-fracn-gppll.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/imx/clk-frac-pll.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/imx/clk-gate2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/imx/clk-gate-93.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/imx/clk-pfd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/imx/clk-pfdv2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/imx/clk-pll14xx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/imx/clk-pllv3.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/imx/clk-pllv4.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/imx/clk-sscg-pll.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/mediatek/clk-apmixed.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/mediatek/clk-cpumux.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/mediatek/clk-gate.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/mediatek/clk-mtk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/mediatek/clk-mux.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/mediatek/clk-pll.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/mediatek/clk-pllfh.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/mediatek/reset.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/meson/clk-cpu-dyndiv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/meson/clk-dualdiv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/meson/clk-mpll.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/meson/clk-phase.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/meson/clk-pll.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/meson/clk-regmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/meson/meson-aoclk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/meson/meson-clkc-utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/meson/meson-eeclk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/meson/sclk-div.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/meson/vclk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/meson/vid-pll-div.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/mxs/clk-ssp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/nuvoton/clk-ma35d1-divider.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/nuvoton/clk-ma35d1-pll.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/qcom/clk-alpha-pll.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/qcom/clk-branch.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/qcom/clk-hfpll.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/qcom/clk-krait.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/qcom/clk-pll.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/qcom/clk-rcg2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/qcom/clk-rcg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/qcom/clk-regmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/qcom/clk-regmap-divider.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/qcom/clk-regmap-mux.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/qcom/clk-regmap-mux-div.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/qcom/clk-regmap-phy-mux.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/qcom/common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/qcom/gdsc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/qcom/reset.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/renesas/r9a06g032-clocks.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/rockchip/clk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/rockchip/clk-ddr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/rockchip/softrst.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/sprd/common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/sprd/composite.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/sprd/div.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/sprd/gate.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/sprd/mux.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/sprd/pll.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/starfive/clk-starfive-jh7110-sys.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/starfive/clk-starfive-jh71x0.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/sunxi-ng/ccu_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/sunxi-ng/ccu_div.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/sunxi-ng/ccu_frac.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/sunxi-ng/ccu_gate.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/sunxi-ng/ccu_mmc_timing.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/sunxi-ng/ccu_mp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/sunxi-ng/ccu_mult.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/sunxi-ng/ccu_mux.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/sunxi-ng/ccu_nk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/sunxi-ng/ccu_nkm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/sunxi-ng/ccu_nkmp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/sunxi-ng/ccu_nm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/sunxi-ng/ccu_phase.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/sunxi-ng/ccu_reset.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/sunxi-ng/ccu_sdm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/tegra/clk-dfll.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/tegra/clk-tegra114.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/tegra/clk-tegra124-emc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/tegra/clk-tegra20-emc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/tegra/clk-tegra210.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/tegra/clk-tegra210-emc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/ti/clkctrl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/versatile/clk-icst.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clk/versatile/icst.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clocksource/arm_arch_timer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clocksource/hyperv_timer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clocksource/i8253.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clocksource/samsung_pwm_timer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clocksource/timer-clint.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/clocksource/timer-riscv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/comedi/comedi_buf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/comedi/comedi_fops.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/comedi/comedi_pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/comedi/comedi_pcmcia.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/comedi/comedi_usb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/comedi/drivers/addi_watchdog.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/comedi/drivers/amplc_dio200_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/comedi/drivers/amplc_pc236_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/comedi/drivers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/comedi/drivers/comedi_8254.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/comedi/drivers/comedi_8255.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/comedi/drivers/comedi_isadma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/comedi/drivers/das08.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/comedi/drivers/mite.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/comedi/drivers/ni_labpc_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/comedi/drivers/ni_labpc_isadma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/comedi/drivers/ni_routes.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/comedi/drivers/ni_tio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/comedi/drivers/ni_tiocmd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/comedi/kcomedilib/kcomedilib_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/comedi/range.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/connector/connector.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/counter/counter-chrdev.c is documented
drivers/counter/counter-core.c is documented
drivers/counter/i8254.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/cpufreq/cpufreq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/cpufreq/cpufreq_governor_attr_set.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/cpufreq/cpufreq_governor.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/cpufreq/cpufreq_ondemand.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/cpufreq/freq_table.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/cpufreq/ppc_cbe_cpufreq_pmi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/cpufreq/speedstep-lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/cpuidle/cpuidle.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/cpuidle/driver.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/cpuidle/dt_idle_states.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/cpuidle/poll_state.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/atmel-i2c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/atmel-sha.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/caam/blob_gen.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/caam/caamalg_desc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/caam/caamalg_qi2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/caam/caamhash_desc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/caam/ctrl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/caam/error.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/caam/jr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/caam/key_gen.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/caam/qi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/ccp/ccp-dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/ccp/platform-access.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/ccp/sev-dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/ccp/tee-dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/hisilicon/debugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/hisilicon/hpre/hpre_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/hisilicon/qm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/hisilicon/sec2/sec_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/hisilicon/sgl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/hisilicon/zip/zip_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/iaa/iaa_crypto_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_admin.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_aer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_cfg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_cfg_services.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_clock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_dbgfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_dev_mgr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_gen2_config.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_gen2_dc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_gen2_hw_csr_data.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_gen2_hw_data.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_gen2_pfvf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_gen4_config.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_gen4_dc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_gen4_hw_csr_data.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_gen4_hw_data.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_gen4_pfvf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_gen4_pm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_gen4_ras.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_gen4_timer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_gen4_tl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_gen4_vf_mig.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_heartbeat.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_heartbeat_dbgfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_hw_arbiter.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_isr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_pfvf_pf_proto.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_pfvf_vf_msg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_pfvf_vf_proto.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_sriov.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_sysfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_transport.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/adf_vf_isr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/intel/qat/qat_common/qat_mig_dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/marvell/octeontx2/cn10k_cpt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/marvell/octeontx2/otx2_cptlf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/marvell/octeontx2/otx2_cpt_mbox_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/marvell/octeontx/otx_cptpf_ucode.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/nx/nx-842.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/crypto/omap-crypto.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/cxl/core/cdat.c is documented
drivers/cxl/core/hdm.c is documented
drivers/cxl/core/mbox.c is documented
drivers/cxl/core/memdev.c is documented
drivers/cxl/core/pci.c is documented
drivers/cxl/core/pmem.c is documented
drivers/cxl/core/pmu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/cxl/core/port.c is documented
drivers/cxl/core/region.c is documented
drivers/cxl/core/regs.c is documented
drivers/cxl/core/suspend.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dax/bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dax/hmem/device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dax/super.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dca/dca-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/devfreq/devfreq.c is documented
drivers/devfreq/devfreq-event.c is documented
drivers/dio/dio-driver.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/acpi-dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/amba-pl08x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/bestcomm/ata.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/bestcomm/bestcomm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/bestcomm/fec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/bestcomm/gen_bd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/bestcomm/sram.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma-buf/dma-buf.c is documented
drivers/dma-buf/dma-fence-array.c is documented
drivers/dma-buf/dma-fence.c is documented
drivers/dma-buf/dma-fence-chain.c is documented
drivers/dma-buf/dma-fence-unwrap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma-buf/dma-resv.c is documented
drivers/dma-buf/sync_file.c is documented
drivers/dma/dmaengine.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/dw/acpi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/dw/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/dw/dw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/dw-edma/dw-edma-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/dw/idma32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/fsldma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/fsl-dpaa2-qdma/dpdmai.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/hsu/hsu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/idxd/bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/idxd/cdev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/idxd/device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/idxd/dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/idxd/submit.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/mcf-edma-main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/of-dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/ppc4xx/adma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/qcom/hidma_mgmt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/qcom/hidma_mgmt_sys.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/sh/shdma-base.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/ti/k3-psil.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/ti/k3-udma-glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/ti/k3-udma-private.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/virt-dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/xilinx/xdma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dma/xilinx/xilinx_dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dpll/dpll_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/dpll/dpll_netlink.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/edac/debugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/edac/edac_device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/edac/edac_mc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/edac/edac_module.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/edac/edac_pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/edac/edac_pci_sysfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/edac/mce_amd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/edac/skx_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/edac/wq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/eisa/eisa-bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/extcon/devres.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/extcon/extcon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firewire/core-card.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firewire/core-device.c is documented
drivers/firewire/core-iso.c is documented
drivers/firewire/core-topology.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firewire/core-transaction.c is documented
drivers/firmware/arm_ffa/bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/arm_scmi/bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/arm_scmi/driver.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/arm_scpi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/broadcom/bcm47xx_nvram.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/broadcom/tee_bnxt_fw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/cirrus/cs_dsp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/dmi_scan.c is documented
drivers/firmware/efi/capsule.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/efi/cper.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/efi/efi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/efi/efi-init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/efi/embedded-firmware.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/efi/tpm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/efi/vars.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/google/coreboot_table.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/google/memconsole.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/imx/imx-dsp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/imx/imx-scu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/imx/imx-scu-irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/imx/misc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/imx/rm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/iscsi_ibft_find.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/meson/meson_sm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/mtk-adsp-ipc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/qcom/qcom_scm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/qcom/qcom_tzmem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/raspberrypi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/smccc/kvm_guest.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/smccc/smccc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/stratix10-svc.c is documented
drivers/firmware/sysfb.c is documented
drivers/firmware/tegra/bpmp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/tegra/ivc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/ti_sci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/firmware/xilinx/zynqmp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/fpga/altera-pr-ip-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/fpga/dfl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/fpga/fpga-bridge.c is documented
drivers/fpga/fpga-mgr.c is documented
drivers/fpga/fpga-region.c is documented
drivers/fpga/lattice-sysconfig.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/fpga/xilinx-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/fsi/fsi-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/fsi/fsi-master-i2cr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/fsi/fsi-occ.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/fsi/fsi-sbefifo.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gnss/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gnss/serial.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpio/gpio-aspeed.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpio/gpio-cs5535.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpio/gpio-i8255.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpio/gpio-idio-16.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpio/gpiolib-acpi.c is documented
drivers/gpio/gpiolib.c is documented
drivers/gpio/gpiolib-devres.c is documented
drivers/gpio/gpiolib-legacy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpio/gpiolib-of.c is documented
drivers/gpio/gpiolib-swnode.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpio/gpiolib-sysfs.c is documented
drivers/gpio/gpio-max730x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpio/gpio-mmio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpio/gpio-regmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpio/gpio-tangier.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/amd/amdxcp/amdgpu_xcp_drv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/bridge/analogix/analogix_dp_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/bridge/analogix/analogix-i2c-dptx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/bridge/aux-bridge.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/bridge/aux-hpd-bridge.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/bridge/imx/imx-ldb-helper.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/bridge/panel.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/bridge/samsung-dsim.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/bridge/synopsys/dw-hdmi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/bridge/synopsys/dw-mipi-dsi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/display/drm_dp_aux_bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/display/drm_dp_cec.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/display/drm_dp_dual_mode_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/display/drm_dp_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/display/drm_dp_mst_topology.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/display/drm_dp_tunnel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/display/drm_dsc_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/display/drm_hdcp_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/display/drm_hdmi_helper.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/display/drm_hdmi_state_helper.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/display/drm_scdc_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_aperture.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_atomic.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_atomic_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_atomic_state_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_atomic_uapi.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_auth.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_blend.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_bridge.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_bridge_connector.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_buddy.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_cache.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_client.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_client_modeset.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_color_mgmt.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_connector.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_crtc.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_crtc_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_damage_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_debugfs.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_debugfs_crc.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_drv.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_edid.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_eld.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_encoder.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_encoder_slave.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_exec.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_fbdev_dma.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_fbdev_shmem.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_fbdev_ttm.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_fb_dma_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_fb_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_file.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_flip_work.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_format_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_fourcc.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_framebuffer.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_gem_atomic_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_gem.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_gem_dma_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_gem_framebuffer_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_gem_shmem_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_gem_ttm_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_gem_vram_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_gpuvm.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_ioc32.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_ioctl.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_managed.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_mipi_dbi.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_mipi_dsi.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_mm.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_mode_config.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_mode_object.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_modes.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_modeset_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_modeset_lock.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_of.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_panel.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_panel_orientation_quirks.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_panic.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_plane.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_plane_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_prime.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_print.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_privacy_screen.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_probe_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_property.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_rect.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_self_refresh_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_simple_kms_helper.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_suballoc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_syncobj.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_sysfs.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_vblank.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_vblank_work.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_vma_manager.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_writeback.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/i915/gt/intel_rps.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/i915/intel_gvt.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/i915/intel_gvt_mmio_table.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/imx/ipuv3/imx-drm-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/lib/drm_random.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/mcde/mcde_display.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/meson/meson_vclk.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/meson/meson_venc.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/panel/panel-samsung-s6e63m0.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/pl111/pl111_nomadik.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/pl111/pl111_versatile.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/renesas/rcar-du/rcar_cmm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/renesas/rcar-du/rcar_lvds.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/renesas/rcar-du/rcar_mipi_dsi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/rockchip/rockchip_drm_vop2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/rockchip/rockchip_drm_vop.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/rockchip/rockchip_rgb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/scheduler/sched_entity.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/scheduler/sched_fence.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/scheduler/sched_main.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/solomon/ssd130x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/sun4i/sun4i_frontend.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/sun4i/sun4i_lvds.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/sun4i/sun4i_rgb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/sun4i/sun4i_tcon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/sun4i/sun4i_tcon_dclk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/sun4i/sun8i_tcon_top.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/tests/drm_kunit_helpers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/ttm/tests/ttm_kunit_helpers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/ttm/tests/ttm_mock_manager.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/ttm/ttm_agp_backend.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/ttm/ttm_bo.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/ttm/ttm_bo_util.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/ttm/ttm_bo_vm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/ttm/ttm_device.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/ttm/ttm_execbuf_util.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/ttm/ttm_pool.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/ttm/ttm_range_manager.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/ttm/ttm_resource.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/ttm/ttm_tt.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/xe/tests/xe_bo.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/xe/tests/xe_dma_buf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/xe/tests/xe_kunit_helpers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/xe/tests/xe_migrate.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/xe/tests/xe_mocs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/xe/tests/xe_pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/xe/xe_reg_sr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/xe/xe_rtp.c is documented
drivers/gpu/drm/xe/xe_tuning.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/drm/xe/xe_wa.c is documented
drivers/gpu/host1x/bus.c is documented
drivers/gpu/host1x/channel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/host1x/context_bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/host1x/context.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/host1x/dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/host1x/fence.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/host1x/job.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/host1x/mipi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/host1x/syncpt.c is documented
drivers/gpu/ipu-v3/ipu-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/ipu-v3/ipu-cpmem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/ipu-v3/ipu-csi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/ipu-v3/ipu-dc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/ipu-v3/ipu-di.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/ipu-v3/ipu-dmfc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/ipu-v3/ipu-dp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/ipu-v3/ipu-ic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/ipu-v3/ipu-ic-csc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/ipu-v3/ipu-image-convert.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/ipu-v3/ipu-prg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/ipu-v3/ipu-smfc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/ipu-v3/ipu-vdi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/gpu/vga/vga_switcheroo.c is documented
drivers/greybus/connection.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/greybus/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/greybus/debugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/greybus/hd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/greybus/interface.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/greybus/operation.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/greybus/svc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hid/amd-sfh-hid/sfh1_1/amd_sfh_interface.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hid/bpf/hid_bpf_dispatch.c is documented
drivers/hid/hid-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hid/hid-debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hid/hid-input.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hid/hid-quirks.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hid/hidraw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hid/hid-roccat.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hid/hid-roccat-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hid/hid-sensor-hub.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hid/hid-uclogic-rdesc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hid/hid-vivaldi-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hid/i2c-hid/i2c-hid-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hid/intel-ish-hid/ishtp/bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hid/intel-ish-hid/ishtp/client-buffers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hid/intel-ish-hid/ishtp/client.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hid/intel-ish-hid/ishtp/hbm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hid/intel-ish-hid/ishtp/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hid/surface-hid/surface_hid_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hid/usbhid/hid-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hid/usbhid/hiddev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hsi/clients/ssi_protocol.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hsi/controllers/omap_ssi_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hsi/hsi_boardinfo.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hsi/hsi_core.c is documented
drivers/hte/hte.c is documented
drivers/hv/channel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hv/channel_mgmt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hv/connection.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hv/hv_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hv/ring_buffer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hv/vmbus_drv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hwmon/adt7x10.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hwmon/hwmon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hwmon/hwmon-vid.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hwmon/ltc2947-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hwmon/max1111.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hwmon/nct6775-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hwmon/occ/common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hwmon/pmbus/pmbus_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hwmon/sch56xx-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hwspinlock/hwspinlock_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hwtracing/coresight/coresight-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hwtracing/coresight/coresight-etm-perf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hwtracing/coresight/coresight-platform.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hwtracing/coresight/coresight-syscfg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hwtracing/coresight/coresight-sysfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hwtracing/coresight/coresight-tmc-etr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hwtracing/coresight/coresight-trace-id.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hwtracing/intel_th/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hwtracing/intel_th/msu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hwtracing/stm/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/hwtracing/stm/policy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/i2c/algos/i2c-algo-bit.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/i2c/algos/i2c-algo-pca.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/i2c/algos/i2c-algo-pcf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/i2c/busses/i2c-amd756.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/i2c/busses/i2c-amd-mp2-pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/i2c/busses/i2c-ccgx-ucsi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/i2c/busses/i2c-designware-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/i2c/busses/i2c-designware-master.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/i2c/busses/i2c-designware-slave.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/i2c/busses/i2c-nforce2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/i2c/busses/i2c-pasemi-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/i2c/busses/i2c-viai2c-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/i2c/i2c-atr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/i2c/i2c-boardinfo.c is documented
drivers/i2c/i2c-core-acpi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/i2c/i2c-core-base.c is documented
drivers/i2c/i2c-core-of.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/i2c/i2c-core-slave.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/i2c/i2c-core-smbus.c is documented
drivers/i2c/i2c-mux.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/i2c/i2c-smbus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/i3c/device.c is documented
drivers/i3c/master.c is documented
drivers/i3c/master/dw-i3c-master.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/accel/adxl313_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/accel/adxl345_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/accel/adxl355_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/accel/adxl367.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/accel/adxl372.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/accel/bma400_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/accel/bmc150-accel-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/accel/bmi088-accel-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/accel/fxls8962af-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/accel/kionix-kx022a.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/accel/kxsd9.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/accel/mma7455_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/accel/mma9551_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/accel/st_accel_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/adc/ad7091r-base.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/adc/ad7606.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/adc/ad_sigma_delta.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/adc/ltc2497-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/adc/qcom-vadc-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/adc/stm32-dfsdm-adc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/adc/stm32-dfsdm-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/afe/iio-rescale.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/buffer/industrialio-buffer-cb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/buffer/industrialio-buffer-dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/buffer/industrialio-buffer-dmaengine.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/buffer/industrialio-hw-consumer.c is documented
drivers/iio/buffer/industrialio-triggered-buffer.c is documented
drivers/iio/buffer/kfifo_buf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/chemical/bme680_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/chemical/ens160_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/chemical/scd30_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/chemical/sps30.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/common/cros_ec_sensors/cros_ec_sensors_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/common/hid-sensors/hid-sensor-attributes.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/common/hid-sensors/hid-sensor-trigger.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/common/inv_sensors/inv_sensors_timestamp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/common/ms_sensors/ms_sensors_i2c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/common/ssp_sensors/ssp_dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/common/ssp_sensors/ssp_iio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/common/st_sensors/st_sensors_buffer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/common/st_sensors/st_sensors_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/common/st_sensors/st_sensors_i2c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/common/st_sensors/st_sensors_spi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/common/st_sensors/st_sensors_trigger.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/dac/ad5592r-base.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/dac/ad5686.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/dummy/iio_dummy_evgen.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/gyro/bmg160_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/gyro/fxas21002c_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/gyro/st_gyro_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/humidity/hts221_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/imu/adis_buffer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/imu/adis.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/imu/adis_trigger.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/imu/bmi160/bmi160_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/imu/bmi323/bmi323_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/imu/bno055/bno055.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/imu/fxos8700_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/imu/inv_icm42600/inv_icm42600_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/imu/inv_mpu6050/inv_mpu_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/imu/st_lsm6dsx/st_lsm6dsx_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/imu/st_lsm9ds0/st_lsm9ds0_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/industrialio-acpi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/industrialio-backend.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/industrialio-buffer.c is documented
drivers/iio/industrialio-configfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/industrialio-core.c is documented
drivers/iio/industrialio-event.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/industrialio-gts-helper.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/industrialio-sw-device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/industrialio-sw-trigger.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/industrialio-trigger.c is documented
drivers/iio/industrialio-triggered-event.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/inkern.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/light/st_uvis25_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/magnetometer/bmc150_magn.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/magnetometer/hmc5843_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/magnetometer/rm3100-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/magnetometer/st_magn_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/pressure/bmp280-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/pressure/bmp280-regmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/pressure/hsc030pa.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/pressure/mpl115.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/pressure/mprls0025pa.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/pressure/ms5611_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/pressure/st_pressure_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/pressure/zpa2326.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/proximity/sx_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/trigger/stm32-lptimer-trigger.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iio/trigger/stm32-timer-trigger.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/addr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/cache.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/cgroup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/cma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/cm.c is documented
drivers/infiniband/core/cq.c is documented
drivers/infiniband/core/device.c is documented
drivers/infiniband/core/ib_core_uverbs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/iwcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/mad.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/mr_pool.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/multicast.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/netlink.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/nldev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/packer.c is documented
drivers/infiniband/core/rdma_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/restrack.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/roce_gid_mgmt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/rw.c is documented
drivers/infiniband/core/sa_query.c is documented
drivers/infiniband/core/security.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/sysfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/ud_header.c is documented
drivers/infiniband/core/umem.c is documented
drivers/infiniband/core/umem_dmabuf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/umem_odp.c is documented
drivers/infiniband/core/uverbs_cmd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/uverbs_ioctl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/uverbs_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/uverbs_marshall.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/uverbs_std_types.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/core/verbs.c is documented
drivers/infiniband/sw/rdmavt/ah.c is documented
drivers/infiniband/sw/rdmavt/cq.c is documented
drivers/infiniband/sw/rdmavt/mcast.c is documented
drivers/infiniband/sw/rdmavt/mr.c is documented
drivers/infiniband/sw/rdmavt/qp.c is documented
drivers/infiniband/sw/rdmavt/rc.c is documented
drivers/infiniband/sw/rdmavt/vt.c is documented
drivers/infiniband/ulp/rtrs/rtrs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/ulp/rtrs/rtrs-clt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/infiniband/ulp/rtrs/rtrs-srv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/ff-core.c is documented
drivers/input/ff-memless.c is documented
drivers/input/gameport/gameport.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/input.c is documented
drivers/input/input-compat.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/input-mt.c is documented
drivers/input/input-poller.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/joystick/iforce/iforce-main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/joystick/iforce/iforce-packets.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/matrix-keymap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/misc/ad714x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/misc/adxl34x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/misc/cma3000_d0x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/rmi4/rmi_2d_sensor.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/rmi4/rmi_bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/rmi4/rmi_driver.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/serio/hil_mlc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/serio/hp_sdc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/serio/i8042.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/serio/libps2.c is documented
drivers/input/serio/serio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/sparse-keymap.c is documented
drivers/input/touchscreen/ad7879.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/touchscreen.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/touchscreen/cyttsp4_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/touchscreen/cyttsp_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/touchscreen/cyttsp_i2c_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/touchscreen/goodix_berlin_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/touchscreen/tsc200x-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/touchscreen/wm9705.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/touchscreen/wm9712.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/touchscreen/wm9713.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/touchscreen/wm97xx-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/input/vivaldi-fmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/interconnect/bulk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/interconnect/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/interconnect/icc-clk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/interconnect/imx/imx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/interconnect/mediatek/icc-emi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/interconnect/qcom/bcm-voter.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/interconnect/qcom/icc-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/interconnect/qcom/icc-rpm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/interconnect/qcom/icc-rpm-clocks.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/interconnect/qcom/icc-rpmh.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/interconnect/qcom/smd-rpm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iommu/amd/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iommu/amd/iommu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iommu/arm/arm-smmu-v3/arm-smmu-v3.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iommu/arm/arm-smmu-v3/arm-smmu-v3-sva.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iommu/dma-iommu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iommu/intel/dmar.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iommu/intel/iommu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iommu/iommu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iommu/iommu-debugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iommu/iommufd/device.c is documented
drivers/iommu/iommufd/iova_bitmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iommu/iommufd/main.c is documented
drivers/iommu/iommufd/vfio_compat.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iommu/iommu-sva.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iommu/iommu-sysfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iommu/io-pgfault.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iommu/io-pgtable.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iommu/iova.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iommu/irq_remapping.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iommu/of_iommu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/iommu/omap-iommu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ipack/ipack.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/irqchip/irq-ath79-misc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/irqchip/irqchip.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/irqchip/irq-msi-lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/irqchip/irq-riscv-imsic-state.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/isdn/capi/kcapi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/isdn/hardware/mISDN/isdnhdlc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/isdn/hardware/mISDN/mISDNipac.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/isdn/hardware/mISDN/mISDNisar.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/isdn/mISDN/clock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/isdn/mISDN/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/isdn/mISDN/dsp_audio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/isdn/mISDN/dsp_pipeline.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/isdn/mISDN/fsm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/isdn/mISDN/hwchannel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/isdn/mISDN/layer1.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/leds/led-class.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/leds/led-class-flash.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/leds/led-class-multicolor.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/leds/led-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/leds/leds-expresswire.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/leds/leds-lp55xx-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/leds/leds-ti-lmu-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/leds/led-triggers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/leds/simple/simatic-ipc-leds-gpio-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/leds/trigger/ledtrig-camera.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/leds/trigger/ledtrig-cpu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/leds/trigger/ledtrig-disk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/leds/trigger/ledtrig-mtd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/macintosh/adb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/macintosh/macio_asic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/macintosh/mediabay.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/macintosh/smu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/macintosh/via-cuda.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/macintosh/via-pmu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/macintosh/windfarm_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/macintosh/windfarm_pid.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/macintosh/windfarm_smu_sat.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mailbox/mailbox.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mailbox/mtk-cmdq-mailbox.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mailbox/pcc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mailbox/pl320-ipc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mcb/mcb-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mcb/mcb-parse.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/dm-audit.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/dm-bio-prison-v1.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/dm-bio-prison-v2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/dm-bufio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/dm-builtin.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/dm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/dm-cache-background-tracker.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/dm-cache-policy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/dm-exception-store.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/dm-io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/dm-ioctl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/dm-kcopyd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/dm-log.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/dm-path-selector.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/dm-region-hash.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/dm-rq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/dm-snap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/dm-table.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/dm-target.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/dm-uevent.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/dm-zone.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/md-bitmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/md.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/persistent-data/dm-array.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/persistent-data/dm-bitset.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/persistent-data/dm-block-manager.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/persistent-data/dm-btree.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/persistent-data/dm-btree-remove.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/persistent-data/dm-space-map-disk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/persistent-data/dm-transaction-manager.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/raid5.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/md/raid5-cache.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/cec/core/cec-adap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/cec/core/cec-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/cec/core/cec-notifier.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/cec/core/cec-pin.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/b2c2/flexcop.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/b2c2/flexcop-eeprom.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/b2c2/flexcop-hw-filter.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/b2c2/flexcop-i2c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/b2c2/flexcop-misc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/b2c2/flexcop-sram.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/cx2341x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/cypress_firmware.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/saa7146/saa7146_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/saa7146/saa7146_fops.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/saa7146/saa7146_hlp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/siano/sms-cards.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/siano/smscoreapi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/siano/smsendian.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/ttpci-eeprom.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/tveeprom.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/uvc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/v4l2-tpg/v4l2-tpg-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/videobuf2/frame_vector.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/videobuf2/videobuf2-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/videobuf2/videobuf2-dma-contig.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/videobuf2/videobuf2-dma-sg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/videobuf2/videobuf2-dvb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/videobuf2/videobuf2-memops.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/videobuf2/videobuf2-v4l2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/common/videobuf2/videobuf2-vmalloc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-core/dmxdev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-core/dvb_ca_en50221.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-core/dvb_demux.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-core/dvbdev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-core/dvb_frontend.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-core/dvb_net.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-core/dvb_ringbuffer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/as102_fe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/ascot2e.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/atbm8830.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/au8522_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/au8522_dig.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/bcm3510.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/cx22700.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/cx22702.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/cx24110.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/cx24113.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/cx24116.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/cx24117.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/cx24120.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/cx24123.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/cxd2820r_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/cxd2841er.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/cxd2880/cxd2880_top.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/dib0070.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/dib0090.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/dib3000mb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/dib3000mc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/dib7000m.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/dib7000p.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/dib8000.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/dib9000.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/dibx000_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/drx39xyj/drxj.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/drxd_hard.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/drxk_hard.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/ds3000.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/dvb_dummy_fe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/dvb-pll.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/ec100.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/gp8psk-fe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/helene.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/horus3a.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/isl6405.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/isl6421.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/isl6423.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/itd1000.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/ix2505v.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/l64781.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/lg2160.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/lgdt3305.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/lgdt3306a.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/lgdt330x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/lgs8gl5.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/lgs8gxx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/lnbh25.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/lnbh29.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/lnbp21.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/lnbp22.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/m88ds3103.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/m88rs2000.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/mb86a16.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/mb86a20s.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/mt312.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/mt352.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/mxl5xx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/nxt200x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/nxt6000.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/or51132.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/or51211.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/s5h1409.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/s5h1411.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/s5h1420.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/s5h1432.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/s921.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/si21xx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/sp887x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/stb0899_drv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/stb6000.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/stb6100.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/stv0288.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/stv0297.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/stv0299.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/stv0367.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/stv0900_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/stv090x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/stv0910.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/stv6110.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/stv6110x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/stv6111.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/tda10021.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/tda10023.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/tda10048.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/tda1004x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/tda10086.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/tda18271c2dd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/tda665x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/tda8083.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/tda8261.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/tda826x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/ts2020.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/tua6100.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/ves1820.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/ves1x93.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/zd1301_demod.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/zl10036.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/zl10039.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/dvb-frontends/zl10353.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/i2c/aptina-pll.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/i2c/ccs-pll.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/i2c/max9271.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/mc/mc-dev-allocator.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/mc/mc-device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/mc/mc-entity.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/mc/mc-request.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/b2c2/flexcop-dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/bt8xx/bt878.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/bt8xx/bttv-gpio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/bt8xx/bttv-if.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/bt8xx/dst.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/bt8xx/dst_ca.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/cx18/cx18-driver.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/cx18/cx18-fileops.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/cx18/cx18-gpio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/cx18/cx18-streams.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/cx23885/altera-ci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/cx25821/cx25821-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/cx25821/cx25821-gpio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/cx88/cx88-cards.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/cx88/cx88-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/cx88/cx88-dsp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/cx88/cx88-input.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/cx88/cx88-mpeg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/cx88/cx88-tvaudio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/cx88/cx88-video.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/cx88/cx88-vp3054-i2c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/ddbridge/ddbridge-dummy-fe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/intel/ipu6/ipu6-buttress.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/intel/ipu6/ipu6.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/intel/ipu6/ipu6-cpd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/intel/ipu6/ipu6-fw-com.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/intel/ipu6/ipu6-mmu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/intel/ipu-bridge.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/ivtv/ivtv-driver.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/ivtv/ivtv-fileops.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/ivtv/ivtv-streams.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/mantis/mantis_ca.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/mantis/mantis_dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/mantis/mantis_dvb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/mantis/mantis_i2c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/mantis/mantis_input.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/mantis/mantis_ioc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/mantis/mantis_pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/mantis/mantis_uart.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/saa7134/saa7134-cards.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/saa7134/saa7134-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/saa7134/saa7134-ts.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/saa7134/saa7134-tvaudio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/saa7134/saa7134-video.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/pci/ttpci/budget-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/allegro-dvt/allegro-mail.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/allegro-dvt/nal-h264.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/allegro-dvt/nal-hevc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/chips-media/coda/imx-vdoa.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/marvell/mcam-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/mediatek/jpeg/mtk_jpeg_dec_hw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/mediatek/jpeg/mtk_jpeg_enc_hw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/mediatek/mdp3/mtk-mdp3-cmdq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/mediatek/mdp3/mtk-mdp3-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/mediatek/mdp/mtk_mdp_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/mediatek/vcodec/common/mtk_vcodec_dbgfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/mediatek/vcodec/common/mtk_vcodec_fw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/mediatek/vcodec/common/mtk_vcodec_intr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/mediatek/vcodec/common/mtk_vcodec_util.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/mediatek/vcodec/decoder/mtk_vcodec_dec_pm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/mediatek/vpu/mtk_vpu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/microchip/microchip-isc-base.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/microchip/microchip-isc-clk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/microchip/microchip-isc-scaler.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/qcom/venus/helpers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/qcom/venus/hfi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/renesas/rcar-fcp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/renesas/vsp1/vsp1_drm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/samsung/exynos4-is/common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/ti/davinci/vpif.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/ti/omap/omap_voutlib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/ti/vpe/csc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/ti/vpe/sc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/ti/vpe/vpdma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/xilinx/xilinx-vip.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/platform/xilinx/xilinx-vtc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/radio/radio-isa.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/radio/radio-tea5777.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/radio/si470x/radio-si470x-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/radio/tea575x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/rc/bpf-lirc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/rc/lirc_dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/rc/rc-ir-raw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/rc/rc-main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/fc0011.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/fc0012.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/fc0013.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/max2165.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/mc44s803.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/mt2060.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/mt2063.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/mt20xx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/mt2131.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/mt2266.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/mxl5005s.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/mxl5007t.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/qt1010.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/r820t.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/tda18218.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/tda18271-fe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/tda827x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/tda8290.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/tda9887.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/tea5761.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/tea5767.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/tuner-simple.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/tuner-types.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/xc2028.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/xc4000.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/tuners/xc5000.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/cx231xx/cx231xx-avcore.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/cx231xx/cx231xx-cards.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/cx231xx/cx231xx-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/cx231xx/cx231xx-i2c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/cx231xx/cx231xx-vbi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/dvb-usb/af9005-remote.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/dvb-usb/dibusb-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/dvb-usb/dibusb-mc-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/dvb-usb/dvb-usb-firmware.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/dvb-usb/dvb-usb-init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/dvb-usb/dvb-usb-remote.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/dvb-usb/dvb-usb-urb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/dvb-usb-v2/dvb_usb_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/dvb-usb-v2/dvb_usb_urb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/dvb-usb-v2/mxl111sf-demod.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/dvb-usb-v2/mxl111sf-tuner.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/em28xx/em28xx-camera.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/em28xx/em28xx-cards.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/em28xx/em28xx-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/go7007/go7007-driver.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/go7007/snd-go7007.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/gspca/autogain_functions.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/gspca/gspca.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/usb/ttusb-dec/ttusbdecfe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-async.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-cci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-compat-ioctl32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-ctrls-api.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-ctrls-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-ctrls-defs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-ctrls-request.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-event.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-fh.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-flash-led-class.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-fwnode.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-h264.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-i2c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-ioctl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-jpeg.c is documented
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-mc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-mem2mem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-spi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-subdev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-vp9.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/memory/fsl_ifc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/memory/jedec_ddr_data.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/memory/jz4780-nemc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/memory/of_memory.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/memory/omap-gpmc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/memory/renesas-rpc-if.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/memory/tegra/mc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/memory/ti-emif-pm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/memstick/core/memstick.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/message/fusion/mptbase.c is documented
drivers/message/fusion/mptscsih.c is documented
drivers/mfd/88pm80x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/88pm860x-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/88pm860x-i2c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/ab8500-sysctrl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/abx500-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/adp5520.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/altera-sysmgr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/arizona-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/arizona-irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/atc260x-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/atmel-smc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/axp20x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/cs40l50-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/cs42l43.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/cs47l15-tables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/cs47l24-tables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/cs47l35-tables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/cs47l85-tables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/cs47l90-tables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/cs47l92-tables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/da903x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/da9052-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/da9052-irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/da9055-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/da9150-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/db8500-prcmu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/dln2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/ezx-pcap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/gateworks-gsc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/intel-lpss.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/intel-m10-bmc-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/intel_pmc_bxt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/ipaq-micro.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/iqs62x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/kempld-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/lm3533-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/lm3533-ctrlbank.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/lochnagar-i2c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/lp3943.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/lp8788.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/madera-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/max14577.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/max8925-i2c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/max8997.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/max8998.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/mc13xxx-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/mcp-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/menelaus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/mfd-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/motorola-cpcap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/ocelot-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/ocelot-spi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/omap-usb-tll.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/palmas.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/pcf50633-adc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/pcf50633-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/pcf50633-gpio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/pcf50633-irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/qcom_rpm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/qcom-spmi-pmic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/rave-sp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/rc5t583.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/retu-mfd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/rk8xx-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/rsmu_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/rz-mtu3.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/sec-irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/si476x-cmd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/si476x-i2c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/si476x-prop.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/sm501.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/sprd-sc27xx-spi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/ssbi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/sta2x11-mfd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/stm32-timers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/stmfx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/stmpe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/syscon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/tc3589x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/ti_am335x_tscadc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/tps65010.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/tps65217.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/tps65218.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/tps6586x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/tps65912-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/tps6594-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/twl4030-audio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/twl6030-irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/twl6040.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/twl-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/ucb1x00-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/wm5102-tables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/wm5110-tables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/wm831x-auxadc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/wm831x-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/wm8350-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/wm8350-gpio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/wm8400-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/wm8994-irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/wm8994-regmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/wm8997-tables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mfd/wm8998-tables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/ad525x_dpot.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/altera-stapl/altera.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/atmel-ssc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/c2port/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/cardreader/alcor_pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/cardreader/rtsx_pcr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/cardreader/rtsx_usb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/cb710/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/cb710/debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/cb710/sgbuf2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/cs5535-mfgpt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/cxl/api.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/cxl/base.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/cxl/cxllib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/cxl/vphb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/echo/echo.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/eeprom/eeprom_93cx6.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/enclosure.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/lis3lv02d/lis3lv02d.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/mei/bus.c is documented
drivers/misc/mei/client.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/mei/hbm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/mei/hw-me.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/mei/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/mei/interrupt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/mei/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/mei/vsc-fw-loader.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/mei/vsc-tp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/ocxl/afu_irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/ocxl/config.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/ocxl/context.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/ocxl/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/ocxl/link.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/ocxl/mmio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/pvpanic/pvpanic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/sgi-gru/grukservices.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/sgi-xp/xp_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/sram-exec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/tifm_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/ti-st/st_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/uacce/uacce.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/vmw_vmci/vmci_context.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/vmw_vmci/vmci_datagram.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/vmw_vmci/vmci_doorbell.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/vmw_vmci/vmci_driver.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/vmw_vmci/vmci_event.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/vmw_vmci/vmci_guest.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/misc/vmw_vmci/vmci_queue_pair.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mmc/core/bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mmc/core/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mmc/core/crypto.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mmc/core/host.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mmc/core/mmc_ops.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mmc/core/pwrseq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mmc/core/regulator.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mmc/core/sdio_bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mmc/core/sdio_io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mmc/core/sdio_irq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mmc/core/sd_ops.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mmc/core/slot-gpio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mmc/host/cqhci-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mmc/host/dw_mmc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mmc/host/dw_mmc-pltfm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mmc/host/mmc_hsq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mmc/host/of_mmc_spi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mmc/host/renesas_sdhi_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mmc/host/sdhci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mmc/host/sdhci-pltfm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mmc/host/tmio_mmc_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/most/configfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/most/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/chips/cfi_cmdset_0001.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/chips/cfi_cmdset_0002.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/chips/cfi_cmdset_0020.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/chips/cfi_util.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/chips/chipreg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/chips/gen_probe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/hyperbus/hyperbus-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/lpddr/lpddr_cmds.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/maps/map_funcs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/mtd_blkdevs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/mtdconcat.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/mtdcore.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/mtdpart.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/mtdsuper.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/nand/bbt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/nand/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/nand/ecc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/nand/ecc-mtk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/nand/ecc-mxic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/nand/ecc-sw-bch.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/nand/ecc-sw-hamming.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/nand/onenand/onenand_base.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/nand/raw/atmel/pmecc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/nand/raw/brcmnand/brcmnand.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/nand/raw/denali.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/nand/raw/ingenic/ingenic_ecc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/nand/raw/nand_base.c is documented
drivers/mtd/nand/raw/nand_bbt.c is documented
drivers/mtd/nand/raw/nand_legacy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/nand/raw/omap_elm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/nand/raw/sm_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/spi-nor/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/tests/mtd_test.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mtd/ubi/kapi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/mux/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/arcnet/arcnet.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/arcnet/com20020.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/can/cc770/cc770.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/can/c_can/c_can_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/can/ctucanfd/ctucanfd_base.c is documented
drivers/net/can/dev/dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/can/dev/length.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/can/dev/rx-offload.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/can/dev/skb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/can/m_can/m_can.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/can/sja1000/sja1000.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/dsa/b53/b53_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/dsa/b53/b53_serdes.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/dsa/lan9303-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/dsa/microchip/ksz_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/dsa/mt7530.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/dsa/ocelot/felix.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/dsa/realtek/realtek-mdio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/dsa/realtek/realtek-smi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/dsa/realtek/rtl8366-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/dsa/realtek/rtl83xx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/dsa/vitesse-vsc73xx-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/dsa/xrs700x/xrs700x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/8390/8390.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/8390/8390p.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/8390/ax88796.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/amd/7990.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/amd/pds_core/adminq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/amd/pds_core/auxbus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/amd/pds_core/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/amd/pds_core/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/aquantia/atlantic/aq_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/arc/emac_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/broadcom/asp2/bcmasp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/broadcom/bgmac-bcma-mdio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/broadcom/bgmac.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/broadcom/bnxt/bnxt_ulp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/broadcom/cnic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/common/cavium_ptp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/cn23xx_pf_device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/cn23xx_vf_device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/cn66xx_device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/cn68xx_device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_ethtool.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/octeon_device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/octeon_droq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/octeon_mem_ops.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/octeon_nic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/request_manager.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/response_manager.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/thunder/thunder_bgx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/thunder/thunder_xcv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/chelsio/cxgb3/cxgb3_offload.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/chelsio/cxgb3/l2t.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/chelsio/cxgb4/clip_tbl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/chelsio/cxgb4/cxgb4_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/chelsio/cxgb4/cxgb4_uld.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/chelsio/cxgb4/l2t.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/chelsio/cxgb4/sge.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/chelsio/cxgb4/smt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/chelsio/cxgb4/srq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/chelsio/libcxgb/libcxgb_cm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/chelsio/libcxgb/libcxgb_ppm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/cisco/enic/enic_api.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/cisco/enic/vnic_dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/emulex/benet/be_cmds.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/emulex/benet/be_roce.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/freescale/dpaa2/dpaa2-eth.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/freescale/dpaa2/dpaa2-ethtool.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/freescale/enetc/enetc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/freescale/enetc/enetc_cbdr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/freescale/enetc/enetc_ethtool.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/freescale/enetc/enetc_ierb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/freescale/enetc/enetc_mdio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/freescale/enetc/enetc_ptp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/freescale/fec_mpc52xx_phy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/freescale/fman/fman.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/freescale/fman/fman_keygen.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/freescale/fman/fman_port.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/freescale/fman/fman_sp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/fungible/funcore/fun_dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/fungible/funcore/fun_queue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/hisilicon/hns3/hnae3.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/hisilicon/hns3/hns3_common/hclge_comm_cmd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/hisilicon/hns3/hns3_common/hclge_comm_rss.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/hisilicon/hns3/hns3_common/hclge_comm_tqp_stats.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/hisilicon/hns/hnae.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/hisilicon/hns/hns_dsaf_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/intel/i40e/i40e_client.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/intel/ice/ice_idc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/intel/ice/ice_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/intel/ixgbe/ixgbe_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/intel/libeth/rx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/intel/libie/rx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/marvell/mvneta_bm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/marvell/octeontx2/af/mbox.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/marvell/octeontx2/nic/cn10k.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/marvell/octeontx2/nic/otx2_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/marvell/octeontx2/nic/otx2_dcbnl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/marvell/octeontx2/nic/otx2_devlink.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/marvell/octeontx2/nic/otx2_ethtool.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/marvell/octeontx2/nic/otx2_flows.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/marvell/octeontx2/nic/otx2_pf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/marvell/octeontx2/nic/otx2_ptp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/marvell/octeontx2/nic/otx2_tc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/marvell/octeontx2/nic/otx2_txrx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/marvell/prestera/prestera_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mediatek/mtk_wed_ops.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx4/alloc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx4/cmd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx4/cq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx4/eq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx4/fw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx4/fw_qos.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx4/intf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx4/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx4/mcg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx4/mr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx4/pd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx4/port.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx4/qp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx4/srq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/alloc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/cmd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/cq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/debugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/diag/rsc_dump.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/en_accel/ipsec_offload.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/eq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/eswitch.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/eswitch_offloads.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/events.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/fpga/sdk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/fs_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/fs_counters.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/fw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/ipoib/ipoib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/lag/lag.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/lag/mpesw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/lib/dm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/lib/gid.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/lib/macsec_fs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/lib/mpfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/mcg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/mr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/pd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/port.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/rl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/sriov.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/transobj.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/uar.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/vport.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx5/core/wc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlxfw/mlxfw_fsm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlxsw/core_acl_flex_actions.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlxsw/core_acl_flex_keys.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlxsw/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlxsw/core_env.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlxsw/core_linecards.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlxsw/i2c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlxsw/pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/micrel/ks8851_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/microchip/encx24j600-regmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/microchip/vcap/vcap_api.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/microchip/vcap/vcap_api_debugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/microchip/vcap/vcap_tc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/microsoft/mana/gdma_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/microsoft/mana/mana_en.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mscc/ocelot.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mscc/ocelot_devlink.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mscc/ocelot_flower.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mscc/ocelot_io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mscc/ocelot_mm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mscc/ocelot_mrp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mscc/ocelot_police.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mscc/ocelot_ptp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mscc/ocelot_stats.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mscc/ocelot_vcap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/mscc/vsc7514_regs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/qlogic/qede/qede_rdma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/qlogic/qed/qed_fcoe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/qlogic/qed/qed_iscsi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/qlogic/qed/qed_l2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/qlogic/qed/qed_nvmetcp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/qlogic/qed/qed_rdma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/qualcomm/qca_7k_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/renesas/rcar_gen4_ptp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/stmicro/stmmac/dwmac_lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/stmicro/stmmac/stmmac_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/stmicro/stmmac/stmmac_platform.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/sun/sunvnet_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/ti/am65-cpts.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/ti/cpsw-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/ti/cpsw-phy-sel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/ti/cpts.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/ti/icssg/icssg_classifier.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/ti/icssg/icssg_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/ti/icssg/icssg_config.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/ti/icssg/icssg_ethtool.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/ti/icssg/icssg_mii_cfg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/ti/icssg/icssg_queues.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/ti/icssg/icssg_stats.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/ti/icssg/icss_iep.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/ti/k3-cppi-desc-pool.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/ti/netcp_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/wangxun/libwx/wx_ethtool.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/wangxun/libwx/wx_hw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/wangxun/libwx/wx_lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/wiznet/w5100.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ethernet/xscale/ptp_ixp46x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/geneve.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/hamradio/hdlcdrv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ipvlan/ipvlan_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ipvlan/ipvlan_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/loopback.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/macsec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/macvlan.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/mdio/acpi_mdio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/mdio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/mdio/fwnode_mdio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/mdio/mdio-bitbang.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/mdio/mdio-cavium.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/mdio/mdio-i2c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/mdio/mdio-mscc-miim.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/mdio/mdio-mux.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/mdio/mdio-regmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/mdio/mdio-xgene.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/mdio/of_mdio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/mii.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/net_failover.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/pcs/pcs-lynx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/pcs/pcs-mtk-lynxi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/pcs/pcs-rzn1-miic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/pcs/pcs-xpcs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/phy/bcm-phy-lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/phy/bcm-phy-ptp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/phy/fixed_phy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/phy/linkmode.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/phy/mdio-boardinfo.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/phy/mdio_bus.c is documented
drivers/net/phy/mdio_device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/phy/mdio_devres.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/phy/mii_timestamper.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/phy/phy.c is documented
drivers/net/phy/phy-c45.c is documented
drivers/net/phy/phy-core.c is documented
drivers/net/phy/phy_device.c is documented
drivers/net/phy/phy_led_triggers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/phy/phylink.c is documented
drivers/net/phy/qcom/qcom-phy-lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/phy/sfp-bus.c is documented
drivers/net/phy/smsc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/phy/stubs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/phy/swphy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ppp/ppp_generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/ppp/pppox.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/pse-pd/pse_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/slip/slhc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/Space.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/sungem_phy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/tap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/team/team_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/tun.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/usb/cdc_ether.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/usb/cdc_ncm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/usb/r8152.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/usb/rndis_host.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/usb/usbnet.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/vxlan/vxlan_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wan/framer/framer-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wan/framer/pef2256/pef2256.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wan/hdlc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath10k/bmi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath10k/ce.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath10k/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath10k/coredump.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath10k/debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath10k/htc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath10k/htt_rx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath10k/htt_tx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath10k/mac.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath10k/trace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath11k/ce.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath11k/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath11k/debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath11k/debugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath11k/dp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath11k/hal.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath11k/pcic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath11k/qmi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath11k/trace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath12k/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath6kl/cfg80211.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath6kl/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath6kl/debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath6kl/hif.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath6kl/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath9k/ani.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath9k/ar9002_mac.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath9k/ar9003_mac.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath9k/ar9003_mci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath9k/ar9003_paprd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath9k/ar9003_phy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath9k/ar9003_wow.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath9k/btcoex.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath9k/calib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath9k/common-beacon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath9k/common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath9k/common-debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath9k/common-init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath9k/common-spectral.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath9k/dynack.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath9k/hw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath9k/mac.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/dfs_pattern_detector.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/hw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/key.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ath/regd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/broadcom/brcm80211/brcmfmac/cfg80211.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/broadcom/brcm80211/brcmfmac/core.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/broadcom/brcm80211/brcmfmac/fwil.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/broadcom/brcm80211/brcmfmac/fwvid.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/broadcom/brcm80211/brcmutil/d11.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/broadcom/brcm80211/brcmutil/utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/ipw2x00/libipw_geo.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/ipw2x00/libipw_module.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/ipw2x00/libipw_rx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/ipw2x00/libipw_tx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/ipw2x00/libipw_wx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlegacy/common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlegacy/debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/fw/acpi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/fw/dbg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/fw/dump.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/fw/img.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/fw/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/fw/notif-wait.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/fw/paging.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/fw/pnvm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/fw/regulatory.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/fw/rs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/fw/smem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/fw/uefi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/iwl-dbg-tlv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/iwl-debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/iwl-drv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/iwl-drv.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/iwl-io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/iwl-nvm-parse.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/iwl-nvm-utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/iwl-phy-db.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/iwl-trans.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/mei/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/mei/net.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/mvm/link.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/mvm/scan.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/pcie/drv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/pcie/trans.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intel/iwlwifi/pcie/tx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intersil/p54/eeprom.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intersil/p54/fwio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intersil/p54/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/intersil/p54/txrx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/marvell/libertas/cmd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/marvell/libertas/firmware.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/marvell/libertas/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/marvell/libertas/rx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/marvell/libertas_tf/cmd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/marvell/libertas_tf/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/marvell/libertas/tx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/marvell/mwifiex/cfg80211.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/marvell/mwifiex/cmdevt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/marvell/mwifiex/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/marvell/mwifiex/join.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/marvell/mwifiex/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/marvell/mwifiex/sta_ioctl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/marvell/mwifiex/txrx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/marvell/mwifiex/util.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/agg-rx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/debugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/eeprom.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mac80211.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mcu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mmio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt7615/debugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt7615/eeprom.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt7615/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt7615/mac.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt7615/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt7615/mcu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt7615/pci_mac.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt7615/usb_sdio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76_connac3_mac.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76_connac_mac.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76_connac_mcu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76x02_beacon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76x02_debugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76x02_dfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76x02_eeprom.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76x02_mac.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76x02_mcu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76x02_mmio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76x02_phy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76x02_txrx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76x02_usb_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76x02_usb_mcu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76x02_util.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76x0/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76x0/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76x0/phy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76x2/eeprom.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76x2/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76x2/mac.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76x2/mcu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt76x2/phy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt7921/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt7921/mac.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt7921/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt7921/mcu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt7925/init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt7925/mac.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt7925/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt7925/mcu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt792x_acpi_sar.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt792x_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt792x_debugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt792x_dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt792x_mac.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/mt792x_usb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/sdio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/sdio_txrx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/testmode.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/tx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/usb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/util.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/mediatek/mt76/wed.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/microchip/wilc1000/cfg80211.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/microchip/wilc1000/netdev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/microchip/wilc1000/wlan.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/quantenna/qtnfmac/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/quantenna/qtnfmac/trans.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/quantenna/qtnfmac/util.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ralink/rt2x00/rt2800lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ralink/rt2x00/rt2800mmio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ralink/rt2x00/rt2x00debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ralink/rt2x00/rt2x00dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ralink/rt2x00/rt2x00mac.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ralink/rt2x00/rt2x00mmio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ralink/rt2x00/rt2x00pci.c is undocumented yet contains ex
ported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ralink/rt2x00/rt2x00queue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ralink/rt2x00/rt2x00soc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ralink/rt2x00/rt2x00usb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/base.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/btcoexist/rtl_btc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/cam.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/efuse.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/ps.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/rtl8192c/dm_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/rtl8192c/fw_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/rtl8192c/phy_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/rtl8192d/dm_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/rtl8192d/fw_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/rtl8192d/hw_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/rtl8192d/phy_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/rtl8192d/rf_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/rtl8192d/trx_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/rtl8723com/dm_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/rtl8723com/fw_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/rtl8723com/phy_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/stats.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtlwifi/usb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/bf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/coex.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/efuse.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/fw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/mac80211.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/mac.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/phy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/ps.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/regd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/rtw8703b.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/rtw8723d.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/rtw8723x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/rtw8723x.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/rtw8821c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/rtw8822b.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/rtw8822c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/rx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/sdio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/tx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/usb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw88/util.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw89/coex.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw89/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw89/debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw89/efuse_be.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw89/efuse.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw89/fw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw89/mac80211.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw89/mac_be.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw89/mac.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw89/pci_be.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw89/pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw89/phy_be.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw89/phy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw89/rtw8851b.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw89/rtw8852a.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw89/rtw8852b.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw89/rtw8852b_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw89/rtw8852c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw89/rtw8922a.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw89/ser.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/realtek/rtw89/util.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/rsi/rsi_91x_debugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/rsi/rsi_91x_hal.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/rsi/rsi_91x_mac80211.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/rsi/rsi_91x_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/st/cw1200/bh.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/st/cw1200/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/st/cw1200/pm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ti/wl1251/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ti/wlcore/acx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ti/wlcore/boot.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ti/wlcore/cmd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ti/wlcore/debugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ti/wlcore/event.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ti/wlcore/io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ti/wlcore/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ti/wlcore/scan.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wireless/ti/wlcore/tx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/net/wwan/wwan_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nfc/fdp/fdp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nfc/mei_phy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nfc/microread/microread.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nfc/nfcmrvl/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nfc/nxp-nci/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nfc/nxp-nci/firmware.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nfc/pn533/pn533.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nfc/pn544/pn544.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nfc/s3fwrn5/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nfc/s3fwrn5/phy_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nfc/st21nfca/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nfc/st21nfca/dep.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nfc/st21nfca/se.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nfc/st21nfca/vendor_cmds.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nfc/st95hf/spi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nfc/st-nci/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nfc/st-nci/ndlc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nfc/st-nci/se.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nfc/st-nci/vendor_cmds.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ntb/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ntb/msi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ntb/ntb_transport.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nubus/bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nubus/nubus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvdimm/badrange.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvdimm/btt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvdimm/btt_devs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvdimm/bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvdimm/claim.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvdimm/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvdimm/dax_devs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvdimm/dimm_devs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvdimm/namespace_devs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvdimm/nd_perf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvdimm/nd_virtio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvdimm/pfn_devs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvdimm/region_devs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvme/common/auth.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvme/common/keyring.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvme/host/auth.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvme/host/constants.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvme/host/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvme/host/fabrics.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvme/host/fault_inject.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvme/host/fc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvme/host/multipath.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvme/host/sysfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvmem/core.c is documented
drivers/nvmem/layouts.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvme/target/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/nvme/target/fc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/of/address.c is documented
drivers/of/base.c is documented
drivers/of/cpu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/of/device.c is documented
drivers/of/dynamic.c is documented
drivers/of/fdt.c is documented
drivers/of/irq.c is documented
drivers/of/module.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/of/of_reserved_mem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/of/overlay.c is documented
drivers/of/platform.c is documented
drivers/of/property.c is documented
drivers/of/resolver.c is documented
drivers/opp/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/opp/cpu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/opp/of.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/parisc/eisa.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/parisc/gsc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/parisc/iosapic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/parisc/sba_iommu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/parport/ieee1284.c is documented
drivers/parport/ieee1284_ops.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/parport/parport_pc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/parport/share.c is documented
drivers/pci/access.c is documented
drivers/pci/ats.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/bus.c is documented
drivers/pci/controller/dwc/pcie-designware.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/controller/dwc/pcie-designware-ep.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/controller/dwc/pcie-designware-host.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/controller/pcie-iproc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/controller/pcie-iproc-msi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/controller/pcie-rockchip.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/controller/pci-host-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/controller/pci-hyperv-intf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/controller/plda/pcie-plda-host.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/devres.c is documented
drivers/pci/doe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/ecam.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/endpoint/pci-epc-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/endpoint/pci-ep-cfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/endpoint/pci-epc-mem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/endpoint/pci-epf-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/host-bridge.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/hotplug/acpi_pcihp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/hotplug/acpiphp_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/hotplug/cpci_hotplug_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/hotplug/pci_hotplug_core.c is documented
drivers/pci/hotplug/pnv_php.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/hotplug/rpaphp_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/hotplug/rpaphp_slot.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/iomap.c is documented
drivers/pci/iov.c is documented
drivers/pci/irq.c is documented
drivers/pci/msi/api.c is documented
drivers/pci/msi/irqdomain.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/msi/msi.c is documented
drivers/pci/of.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/p2pdma.c is documented
drivers/pci/pci-acpi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/pci-bridge-emul.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/pci.c is documented
drivers/pci/pci-driver.c is documented
drivers/pci/pcie/aer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/pcie/aspm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/pcie/portdrv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/pcie/ptm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/probe.c is documented
drivers/pci/pwrctl/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/quirks.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/remove.c is documented
drivers/pci/rom.c is documented
drivers/pci/search.c is documented
drivers/pci/setup-bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/setup-res.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/slot.c is documented
drivers/pci/switch/switchtec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pci/vgaarb.c is documented
drivers/pci/vpd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pcmcia/cistpl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pcmcia/cs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pcmcia/ds.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pcmcia/max1600.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pcmcia/pcmcia_cis.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pcmcia/pcmcia_resource.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pcmcia/pxa2xx_base.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pcmcia/rsrc_iodyn.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pcmcia/rsrc_mgr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pcmcia/rsrc_nonstatic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pcmcia/sa11xx_base.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pcmcia/soc_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/peci/core.c is documented
drivers/peci/cpu.c is documented
drivers/peci/device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/peci/request.c is documented
drivers/perf/arm_cspmu/arm_cspmu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/perf/hisilicon/hisi_uncore_pmu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/perf/riscv_pmu_sbi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/phy/allwinner/phy-sun4i-usb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/phy/phy-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/phy/phy-core-mipi-dphy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/phy/tegra/xusb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/phy/tegra/xusb-tegra124.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/phy/tegra/xusb-tegra186.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/phy/tegra/xusb-tegra210.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/phy/ti/phy-omap-control.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/phy/ti/phy-omap-usb2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/devicetree.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/freescale/pinctrl-imx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/freescale/pinctrl-scu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/intel/pinctrl-intel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/intel/pinctrl-tangier.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/mediatek/mtk-eint.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/mediatek/pinctrl-mtk-common-v2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/mediatek/pinctrl-paris.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/meson/pinctrl-meson8-pmx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/meson/pinctrl-meson-axg-pmx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/meson/pinctrl-meson.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/pinconf-generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/pinctrl-mcp23s08.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/pinctrl-utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/pinmux.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/pxa/pinctrl-pxa2xx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/qcom/pinctrl-lpass-lpi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/qcom/pinctrl-msm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/realtek/pinctrl-rtd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/sprd/pinctrl-sprd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/starfive/pinctrl-starfive-jh7110.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pinctrl/tegra/pinctrl-tegra-xusb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/arm64/lenovo-yoga-c630.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/chrome/cros_ec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/chrome/cros_ec_lpc_mec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/chrome/cros_ec_proto.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/chrome/cros_ec_sensorhub_ring.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/chrome/cros_usbpd_notify.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/chrome/wilco_ec/mailbox.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/chrome/wilco_ec/properties.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/olpc/olpc-ec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/surface/aggregator/bus.c is documented
drivers/platform/surface/aggregator/controller.c is documented
drivers/platform/surface/aggregator/core.c is documented
drivers/platform/surface/aggregator/ssh_packet_layer.c is documented
drivers/platform/surface/surface_acpi_notify.c is documented
drivers/platform/x86/amd/hsmp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/amd/wbrf.c is documented
drivers/platform/x86/asus-wmi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/dell/dcdbas.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/dell/dell-rbtn.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/dell/dell-smbios-base.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/dell/dell-wmi-descriptor.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/dell/dell-wmi-privacy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/firmware_attributes_class.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/ideapad-laptop.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/intel_ips.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/intel/pmt/class.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/intel/pmt/telemetry.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/intel/punit_ipc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/intel_scu_ipc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/intel/speed_select_if/isst_if_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/intel/speed_select_if/isst_tpmi_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/intel/telemetry/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/intel/tpmi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/intel/tpmi_power_domains.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/intel/uncore-frequency/uncore-frequency-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/intel/vsec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/mxm-wmi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/p2sb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/siemens/simatic-ipc-batt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/sony-laptop.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/platform/x86/wmi.c is documented
drivers/pmdomain/actions/owl-sps-helper.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pmdomain/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pmdomain/rockchip/pm-domains.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pnp/card.c is documented
drivers/pnp/core.c is documented
drivers/pnp/driver.c is documented
drivers/pnp/isapnp/compat.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pnp/isapnp/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pnp/manager.c is documented
drivers/pnp/pnpacpi/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pnp/pnpbios/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pnp/resource.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pnp/support.c is documented
drivers/powercap/dtpm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/powercap/idle_inject.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/powercap/intel_rapl_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/powercap/powercap_sys.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/power/reset/reboot-mode.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/power/sequencing/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/power/supply/bq27xxx_battery.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/power/supply/pcf50633-charger.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/power/supply/power_supply_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/power/supply/power_supply_sysfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/power/supply/samsung-sdi-battery.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pps/kapi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pps/pps.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ps3/ps3av.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ps3/ps3av_cmd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ps3/ps3-lpm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ps3/ps3stor_lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ps3/ps3-sys-manager.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ps3/ps3-vuart.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ps3/sys-manager-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ptp/ptp_clock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ptp/ptp_mock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ptp/ptp_pch.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ptp/ptp_qoriq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ptp/ptp_vclock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pwm/core.c is documented
drivers/pwm/pwm-dwc-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/pwm/pwm-lpss.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/rapidio/rio-access.c is documented
drivers/rapidio/rio.c is documented
drivers/rapidio/rio-driver.c is documented
drivers/ras/amd/atl/umc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ras/debugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ras/ras.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/regulator/core.c is documented
drivers/regulator/devres.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/regulator/helpers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/regulator/irq_helpers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/regulator/mc13xxx-regulator-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/regulator/of_regulator.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/regulator/rohm-regulator.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/regulator/wm8350-regulator.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/regulator/wm8400-regulator.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/remoteproc/mtk_scp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/remoteproc/mtk_scp_ipi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/remoteproc/pru_rproc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/remoteproc/qcom_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/remoteproc/qcom_pil_info.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/remoteproc/qcom_q6v5.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/remoteproc/qcom_sysmon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/remoteproc/remoteproc_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/remoteproc/remoteproc_coredump.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/remoteproc/remoteproc_elf_loader.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/remoteproc/remoteproc_virtio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/remoteproc/st_slim_rproc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/reset/core.c is documented
drivers/reset/reset-mpfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/reset/reset-simple.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/reset/starfive/reset-starfive-jh71x0.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/rpmsg/mtk_rpmsg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/rpmsg/qcom_glink_native.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/rpmsg/qcom_glink_smem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/rpmsg/qcom_glink_ssr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/rpmsg/qcom_smd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/rpmsg/rpmsg_char.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/rpmsg/rpmsg_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/rpmsg/rpmsg_ns.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/rtc/class.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/rtc/dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/rtc/interface.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/rtc/lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/rtc/nvmem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/rtc/rtc-ds1685.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/rtc/rtc-mc146818-lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/rtc/rtc-omap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/rtc/rtc-sa1100.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/rtc/sysfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/block/dasd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/block/dasd_devmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/block/dasd_eer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/block/dasd_erp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/block/dasd_ioctl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/char/hmcdrv_ftp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/char/keyboard.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/char/raw3270.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/char/sclp_ap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/char/sclp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/char/sclp_cpi_sys.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/char/sclp_early.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/char/sclp_ocf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/char/sclp_pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/char/tape_34xx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/char/tape_3590.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/char/tape_class.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/char/tape_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/char/tape_std.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/cio/airq.c is documented
drivers/s390/cio/ccwgroup.c is documented
drivers/s390/cio/chp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/cio/chsc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/cio/cio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/cio/cmf.c is documented
drivers/s390/cio/css.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/cio/device.c is documented
drivers/s390/cio/device_fsm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/cio/device_ops.c is documented
drivers/s390/cio/eadm_sch.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/cio/fcx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/cio/ioasm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/cio/isc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/cio/itcw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/cio/qdio_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/cio/qdio_setup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/cio/scm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/crypto/ap_bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/crypto/ap_queue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/crypto/pkey_api.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/crypto/zcrypt_api.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/crypto/zcrypt_card.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/crypto/zcrypt_ccamisc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/crypto/zcrypt_ep11misc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/crypto/zcrypt_queue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/net/ctcm_mpc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/net/fsm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/net/ism_drv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/net/qeth_core_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/net/qeth_l2_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/net/qeth_l3_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/s390/net/smsgiucv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/sbus/char/bbc_i2c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/53c700.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/arm/fas216.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/arm/msgqueue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/arm/queue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/constants.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/cxgbi/libcxgbi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/esp_scsi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/fcoe/fcoe_ctlr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/fcoe/fcoe_sysfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/fcoe/fcoe_transport.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/fdomain.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/hisi_sas/hisi_sas_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/hosts.c is documented
drivers/scsi/iscsi_boot_sysfs.c is documented
drivers/scsi/libfc/fc_disc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/libfc/fc_elsct.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/libfc/fc_exch.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/libfc/fc_fcp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/libfc/fc_frame.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/libfc/fc_libfc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/libfc/fc_lport.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/libfc/fc_npiv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/libfc/fc_rport.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/libiscsi.c is documented
drivers/scsi/libiscsi_tcp.c is documented
drivers/scsi/libsas/sas_ata.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/libsas/sas_event.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/libsas/sas_expander.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/libsas/sas_host_smp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/libsas/sas_init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/libsas/sas_scsi_host.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/libsas/sas_task.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/megaraid/megaraid_mm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/qla2xxx/qla_target.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/qlogicfas408.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/raid_class.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/scsi.c is documented
drivers/scsi/scsicam.c is documented
drivers/scsi/scsi_common.c is documented
drivers/scsi/scsi_devinfo.c is documented
drivers/scsi/scsi_dh.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/scsi_error.c is documented
drivers/scsi/scsi_ioctl.c is documented
drivers/scsi/scsi_lib.c is documented
drivers/scsi/scsi_lib_dma.c is documented
drivers/scsi/scsi_logging.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/scsi_netlink.c is documented
drivers/scsi/scsi_pm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/scsi_proc.c is documented
drivers/scsi/scsi_scan.c is documented
drivers/scsi/scsi_sysfs.c is documented
drivers/scsi/scsi_transport_fc.c is documented
drivers/scsi/scsi_transport_iscsi.c is documented
drivers/scsi/scsi_transport_sas.c is documented
drivers/scsi/scsi_transport_spi.c is documented
drivers/scsi/scsi_transport_srp.c is documented
drivers/scsi/sgiwd93.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/scsi/wd33c93.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/sh/clk/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/sh/intc/virq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/sh/maple/maple.c is documented
drivers/siox/siox-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/slimbus/core.c is documented
drivers/slimbus/messaging.c is documented
drivers/slimbus/sched.c is documented
drivers/slimbus/stream.c is documented
drivers/soc/amlogic/meson-canvas.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/apple/mailbox.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/apple/rtkit.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/apple/sart.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/bcm/brcmstb/common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/fsl/dpio/dpio-service.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/fsl/qbman/bman.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/fsl/qbman/bman_ccsr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/fsl/qbman/bman_portal.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/fsl/qbman/qman.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/fsl/qbman/qman_ccsr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/fsl/qbman/qman_portal.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/fsl/qe/gpio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/fsl/qe/qe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/fsl/qe/qe_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/fsl/qe/qe_io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/fsl/qe/qe_tdm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/fsl/qe/qmc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/fsl/qe/tsa.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/fsl/qe/ucc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/fsl/qe/ucc_fast.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/fsl/qe/ucc_slow.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/fsl/qe/usb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/ixp4xx/ixp4xx-npe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/ixp4xx/ixp4xx-qmgr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/mediatek/mtk-cmdq-helper.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/mediatek/mtk-mmsys.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/mediatek/mtk-mutex.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/microchip/mpfs-sys-controller.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/pxa/ssp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/qcom/apr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/qcom/cmd-db.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/qcom/ice.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/qcom/kryo-l2-accessors.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/qcom/llcc-qcom.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/qcom/mdt_loader.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/qcom/ocmem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/qcom/pdr_interface.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/qcom/pmic_glink.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/qcom/qcom_aoss.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/qcom/qcom-geni-se.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/qcom/qcom-pbs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/qcom/qcom_pdr_msg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/qcom/qmi_encdec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/qcom/qmi_interface.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/qcom/rpmh.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/qcom/smd-rpm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/qcom/smem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/qcom/smem_state.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/qcom/wcnss_ctrl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/renesas/rcar-rst.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/samsung/exynos5422-asv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/samsung/exynos-pmu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/sunxi/sunxi_sram.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/tegra/common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/tegra/fuse/fuse-tegra.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/tegra/fuse/tegra-apbmisc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/tegra/pmc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/ti/k3-ringacc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/ti/knav_dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/ti/knav_qmss_acc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/ti/knav_qmss_queue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/ti/pruss.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/ti/ti_sci_inta_msi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/ti/wkup_m3_ipc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soc/xilinx/xlnx_event_manager.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soundwire/amd_init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soundwire/bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soundwire/bus_type.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soundwire/cadence_master.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soundwire/generic_bandwidth_allocation.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soundwire/intel_ace2x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soundwire/intel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soundwire/intel_init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soundwire/mipi_disco.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soundwire/slave.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/soundwire/stream.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/spi/spi-altera-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/spi/spi-bcm-qspi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/spi/spi-bitbang.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/spi/spi.c is documented
drivers/spi/spi-dw-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/spi/spi-dw-dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/spi/spi-fsl-cpm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/spi/spi-fsl-lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/spi/spi-intel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/spi/spi-loongson-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/spi/spi-loopback-test.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/spi/spi-mem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/spi/spi-pxa2xx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/spmi/spmi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/spmi/spmi-devres.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ssb/driver_chipcommon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ssb/driver_chipcommon_pmu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ssb/driver_gige.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ssb/driver_pcicore.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ssb/embedded.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ssb/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ssb/pcihost_wrapper.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/fbtft/fbtft-bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/fbtft/fbtft-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/fbtft/fbtft-io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/fieldbus/anybuss/host.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/fieldbus/dev_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/greybus/audio_apbridgea.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/greybus/audio_codec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/greybus/audio_gb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/greybus/audio_manager.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/greybus/gbphy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/greybus/spilib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/iio/addac/adt7316.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/media/atomisp/i2c/atomisp-libmsrlisthelper.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/media/atomisp/pci/atomisp_gmin_platform.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/media/av7110/sp8870.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/media/deprecated/atmel/atmel-isc-base.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/media/deprecated/atmel/atmel-isc-clk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/media/imx/imx-media-capture.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/media/imx/imx-media-dev-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/media/imx/imx-media-of.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/media/imx/imx-media-utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/media/meson/vdec/codec_hevc_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/media/meson/vdec/vdec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/media/meson/vdec/vdec_helpers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/nvec/nvec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/octeon/ethernet.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/rtl8192e/rtl819x_HTProc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/rtl8192e/rtl819x_TSProc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/rtl8192e/rtllib_module.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/rtl8192e/rtllib_rx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/rtl8192e/rtllib_softmac.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/rtl8192e/rtllib_softmac_wx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/rtl8192e/rtllib_tx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/rtl8192e/rtllib_wx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/vc04_services/interface/vchiq_arm/vchiq_arm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/vc04_services/interface/vchiq_arm/vchiq_bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/vc04_services/interface/vchiq_arm/vchiq_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/vc04_services/vchiq-mmal/mmal-vchiq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/staging/vme_user/vme.c is documented
drivers/target/iscsi/iscsi_target.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/target/iscsi/iscsi_target_datain_values.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/target/iscsi/iscsi_target_device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/target/iscsi/iscsi_target_erl0.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/target/iscsi/iscsi_target_erl1.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/target/iscsi/iscsi_target_login.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/target/iscsi/iscsi_target_nego.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/target/iscsi/iscsi_target_parameters.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/target/iscsi/iscsi_target_tmr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/target/iscsi/iscsi_target_transport.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/target/iscsi/iscsi_target_util.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/target/target_core_configfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/target/target_core_device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/target/target_core_hba.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/target/target_core_sbc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/target/target_core_spc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/target/target_core_tmr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/target/target_core_tpg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/target/target_core_transport.c is documented
drivers/tc/tc-driver.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tee/tee_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tee/tee_shm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tee/tee_shm_pool.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thermal/cpufreq_cooling.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thermal/devfreq_cooling.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thermal/intel/int340x_thermal/acpi_thermal_rel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thermal/intel/int340x_thermal/int340x_thermal_zone.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thermal/intel/int340x_thermal/processor_thermal_device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thermal/intel/int340x_thermal/processor_thermal_mbox.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thermal/intel/int340x_thermal/processor_thermal_power_floor.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thermal/intel/int340x_thermal/processor_thermal_rapl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thermal/intel/int340x_thermal/processor_thermal_rfim.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thermal/intel/int340x_thermal/processor_thermal_wt_hint.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thermal/intel/int340x_thermal/processor_thermal_wt_req.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thermal/intel/intel_soc_dts_iosf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thermal/intel/intel_tcc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thermal/intel/therm_throt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thermal/st/st_thermal.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thermal/thermal_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thermal/thermal_helpers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thermal/thermal_hwmon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thermal/thermal_netlink.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thermal/thermal_of.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thermal/thermal_trip.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thunderbolt/nhi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thunderbolt/property.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/thunderbolt/xdomain.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/hvc/hvc_console.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/n_tty.c is documented
drivers/tty/serdev/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/serial/8250/8250_core.c is documented
drivers/tty/serial/8250/8250_dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/serial/8250/8250_dwlib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/serial/8250/8250_fsl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/serial/8250/8250_pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/serial/8250/8250_pcilib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/serial/8250/8250_platform.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/serial/8250/8250_port.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/serial/8250/8250_rt288x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/serial/kgdb_nmi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/serial/sc16is7xx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/serial/serial_core.c is documented
drivers/tty/serial/serial_mctrl_gpio.c is documented
drivers/tty/serial/serial_port.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/serial/suncore.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/sysrq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/tty_baudrate.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/tty_buffer.c is documented
drivers/tty/tty_io.c is documented
drivers/tty/tty_ioctl.c is documented
drivers/tty/tty_jobctrl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/tty_ldisc.c is documented
drivers/tty/tty_mutex.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/tty_port.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/vt/consolemap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/vt/keyboard.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/tty/vt/selection.c is documented
drivers/tty/vt/vt.c is documented
drivers/tty/vt/vt_ioctl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ufs/core/ufshcd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ufs/core/ufs-mcq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ufs/host/tc-dwc-g210.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ufs/host/ufshcd-dwc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/ufs/host/ufshcd-pltfrm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/uio/uio.c is documented
drivers/usb/atm/usbatm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/cdns3/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/cdns3/drd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/chipidea/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/chipidea/usbmisc_imx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/class/cdc-wdm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/common/common.c is documented
drivers/usb/common/debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/common/led.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/common/ulpi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/common/usb-otg-fsm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/core/driver.c is documented
drivers/usb/core/file.c is documented
drivers/usb/core/generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/core/hcd.c is documented
drivers/usb/core/hcd-pci.c is documented
drivers/usb/core/hub.c is documented
drivers/usb/core/message.c is documented
drivers/usb/core/notify.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/core/of.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/core/phy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/core/urb.c is documented
drivers/usb/core/usb-acpi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/core/usb.c is documented
drivers/usb/dwc2/params.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/early/ehci-dbgp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/gadget/composite.c is documented
drivers/usb/gadget/config.c is documented
drivers/usb/gadget/configfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/gadget/epautoconf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/gadget/function/f_fs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/gadget/function/f_mass_storage.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/gadget/function/f_rndis.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/gadget/function/rndis.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/gadget/functions.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/gadget/function/storage_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/gadget/function/u_audio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/gadget/function/u_ether.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/gadget/function/u_serial.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/gadget/udc/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/gadget/udc/rzv2m_usb3drd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/gadget/udc/snps_udc_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/gadget/u_f.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/gadget/usbstring.c is documented
drivers/usb/host/ehci-hcd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/host/ehci-hub.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/host/ohci-hcd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/host/ohci-hub.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/host/pci-quirks.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/host/sl811-hcd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/host/xhci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/host/xhci-dbg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/host/xhci-ext-caps.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/host/xhci-hub.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/host/xhci-mem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/host/xhci-pci-renesas.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/host/xhci-plat.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/host/xhci-ring.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/misc/ezusb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/misc/onboard_usb_dev_pdevs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/misc/usb-ljca.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/musb/musb_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/musb/musb_cppi41.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/musb/musbhsdma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/musb/musb_virthub.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/musb/tusb6010_omap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/musb/ux500_dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/phy/of.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/phy/phy-am335x-control.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/phy/phy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/phy/phy-generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/phy/phy-isp1301.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/phy/phy-tegra-usb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/phy/phy-ulpi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/phy/phy-ulpi-viewport.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/roles/class.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/serial/generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/serial/usb-serial.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/serial/usb_wwan.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/storage/debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/storage/protocol.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/storage/scsiglue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/storage/transport.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/storage/usb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/typec/altmodes/displayport.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/typec/bus.c is documented
drivers/usb/typec/class.c is documented
drivers/usb/typec/mux.c is documented
drivers/usb/typec/pd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/typec/retimer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/typec/tcpm/tcpci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/typec/tcpm/tcpm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/typec/ucsi/ucsi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/usbip/usbip_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/usb/usbip/usbip_event.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/vdpa/vdpa.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/vdpa/vdpa_sim/vdpa_sim.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/vfio/container.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/vfio/group.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/vfio/iommufd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/vfio/mdev/mdev_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/vfio/mdev/mdev_driver.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/vfio/pci/vfio_pci_config.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/vfio/pci/vfio_pci_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/vfio/pci/vfio_pci_rdwr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/vfio/platform/vfio_platform_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/vfio/vfio_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/vfio/virqfd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/vhost/iotlb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/vhost/vhost.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/vhost/vringh.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/aperture.c is documented
drivers/video/backlight/backlight.c is documented
drivers/video/backlight/corgi_lcd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/backlight/ili9320.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/backlight/lcd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/backlight/locomolcd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/cmdline.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/console/dummycon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/console/vgacon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/display_timing.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/c2p_iplan2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/c2p_planar.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/core/cfbcopyarea.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/core/cfbfillrect.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/core/cfbimgblt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/core/fb_backlight.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/core/fbcmap.c is documented
drivers/video/fbdev/core/fb_cmdline.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/core/fbcon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/core/fb_ddc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/core/fb_defio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/core/fb_info.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/core/fb_io_fops.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/core/fbmem.c is documented
drivers/video/fbdev/core/fbmon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/core/fb_notify.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/core/fb_sys_fops.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/core/modedb.c is documented
drivers/video/fbdev/core/svgalib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/core/syscopyarea.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/core/sysfillrect.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/core/sysimgblt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/cyber2000fb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/macmodes.c is documented
drivers/video/fbdev/matrox/g450_pll.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/matrox/matroxfb_accel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/matrox/matroxfb_base.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/matrox/matroxfb_DAC1064.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/matrox/matroxfb_g450.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/matrox/matroxfb_misc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/matrox/matroxfb_Ti3026.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/mmp/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/omap2/omapfb/dss/apply.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/omap2/omapfb/dss/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/omap2/omapfb/dss/dispc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/omap2/omapfb/dss/dispc-compat.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/omap2/omapfb/dss/display.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/omap2/omapfb/dss/dss.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/omap2/omapfb/dss/dss_features.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/omap2/omapfb/dss/dss-of.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/omap2/omapfb/dss/manager.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/omap2/omapfb/dss/output.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/omap2/omapfb/dss/overlay.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/omap2/omapfb/dss/venc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/omap2/omapfb/vrfb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/omap/lcdc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/omap/lcd_dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/omap/omapfb_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/pxafb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/sbuslib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/sis/sis_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/via/via-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/via/via_i2c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/fbdev/wmt_ge_rops.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/hdmi.c is documented
drivers/video/logo/logo.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/nomodeset.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/of_display_timing.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/of_videomode.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/screen_info_generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/screen_info_pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/sticore.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/vgastate.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/video/videomode.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/virt/coco/tsm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/virt/fsl_hypervisor.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/virtio/virtio_anchor.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/virtio/virtio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/virtio/virtio_debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/virtio/virtio_dma_buf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/virtio/virtio_pci_admin_legacy_io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/virtio/virtio_pci_legacy_dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/virtio/virtio_pci_modern_dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/virtio/virtio_ring.c is documented
drivers/virt/vboxguest/vboxguest_linux.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/virt/vboxguest/vboxguest_utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/w1/slaves/w1_ds2780.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/w1/slaves/w1_ds2781.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/w1/w1_family.c is documented
drivers/w1/w1_int.c is documented
drivers/w1/w1_io.c is documented
drivers/watchdog/iTCO_vendor_support.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/watchdog/watchdog_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/watchdog/watchdog_dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/watchdog/watchdog_pretimeout.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/xen/balloon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/xen/dbgp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/xen/events/events_base.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/xen/features.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/xen/grant-table.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/xen/manage.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/xen/mem-reservation.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/xen/pci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/xen/privcmd-buf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/xen/privcmd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/xen/unpopulated-alloc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/xen/xen-balloon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/xen/xenbus/xenbus_client.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/xen/xenbus/xenbus_dev_frontend.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/xen/xenbus/xenbus_probe_backend.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/xen/xenbus/xenbus_probe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/xen/xenbus/xenbus_probe_frontend.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/xen/xenbus/xenbus_xs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/xen/xen-front-pgdir-shbuf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/xen/xlate_mmu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/zorro/zorro.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
drivers/zorro/zorro-driver.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/aio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/anon_inodes.c is documented
fs/attr.c is documented
fs/backing-file.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/bad_inode.c is documented
fs/bcachefs/mean_and_variance.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/bcachefs/six.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/bcachefs/thread_with_file.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/buffer.c is documented
fs/char_dev.c is documented
fs/configfs/dir.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/configfs/item.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/coredump.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/crypto/bio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/crypto/crypto.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/crypto/fname.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/crypto/hooks.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/crypto/inline_crypt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/crypto/keyring.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/crypto/keysetup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/crypto/policy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/dax.c is documented
fs/dcache.c is documented
fs/debugfs/file.c is documented
fs/debugfs/inode.c is documented
fs/direct-io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/dlm/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/dlm/plock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/d_path.c is documented
fs/eventfd.c is documented
fs/exec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/exportfs/expfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/fat/dir.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/fat/fatent.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/fat/file.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/fat/inode.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/fat/misc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/fcntl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/file.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/filesystems.c is documented
fs/file_table.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/fs_context.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/fs_parser.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/fs_struct.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/fs_types.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/fs-writeback.c is documented
fs/fuse/dax.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/fuse/dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/fuse/file.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/fuse/inode.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/fuse/ioctl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/hostfs/hostfs_user_exp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/inode.c is documented
fs/ioctl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/iomap/buffered-io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/iomap/direct-io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/iomap/fiemap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/iomap/seek.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/iomap/swapfile.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/jbd2/commit.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/jbd2/journal.c is documented
fs/jbd2/transaction.c is documented
fs/kernel_read_file.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/kernfs/dir.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/kernfs/file.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/libfs.c is documented
fs/lockd/clntlock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/lockd/clntproc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/lockd/svc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/lockd/svcsubs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/locks.c is documented
fs/mbcache.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/mnt_idmapping.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/mpage.c is documented
fs/namei.c is documented
fs/namespace.c is documented
fs/netfs/buffered_read.c is documented
fs/netfs/buffered_write.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/netfs/direct_read.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/netfs/direct_write.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/netfs/fscache_cache.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/netfs/fscache_cookie.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/netfs/fscache_io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/netfs/fscache_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/netfs/fscache_stats.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/netfs/fscache_volume.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/netfs/io.c is documented
fs/netfs/iterator.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/netfs/locking.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/netfs/misc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/netfs/stats.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/netfs/write_collect.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/netfs/write_issue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/client.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs_common/grace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs_common/nfsacl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs_common/nfs_ssc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/delegation.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/dir.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/direct.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfsd/nfs4state.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/file.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/fscache.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/fs_context.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/inode.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/namespace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/nfs3client.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/nfs42proc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/nfs4client.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/nfs4idmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/nfs4proc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/nfs4session.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/nfs4state.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/nfs4xdr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/pagelist.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/pnfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/pnfs_dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/pnfs_nfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/read.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/super.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/sysfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nfs/write.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nls/nls_base.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nls/nls_ucs2_utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/notify/fsnotify.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/notify/group.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/notify/mark.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/notify/notification.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/nsfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/ocfs2/cluster/heartbeat.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/ocfs2/cluster/masklog.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/ocfs2/cluster/nodemanager.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/ocfs2/cluster/tcp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/ocfs2/dlm/dlmdebug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/ocfs2/dlm/dlmdomain.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/ocfs2/dlm/dlmlock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/ocfs2/dlm/dlmunlock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/ocfs2/stackglue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/open.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/pipe.c is documented
fs/posix_acl.c is documented
fs/proc/generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/proc/proc_net.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/proc/proc_sysctl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/proc/vmcore.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/pstore/blk.c is documented
fs/pstore/ftrace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/pstore/platform.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/pstore/zone.c is documented
fs/quota/dquot.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/quota/kqid.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/quota/netlink.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/quota/quota_tree.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/readdir.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/read_write.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/remap_range.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/select.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/seq_file.c is documented
fs/smb/common/cifs_arc4.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/smb/common/cifs_md4.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/splice.c is documented
fs/stack.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/stat.c is documented
fs/statfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/super.c is documented
fs/sync.c is documented
fs/sysfs/dir.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/sysfs/file.c is documented
fs/sysfs/group.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/sysfs/symlink.c is documented
fs/unicode/mkutf8data.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/unicode/utf8-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/unicode/utf8data.c_shipped is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/unicode/utf8-norm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/verity/enable.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/verity/measure.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/verity/open.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/verity/read_metadata.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/verity/verify.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fs/xattr.c is documented
include/acpi/actypes.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
include/acpi/platform/aclinux.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
include/drm/drm_util.h is documented
include/kunit/visibility.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
acpi.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
bpf.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
compiler.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
export.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
fw_table.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
indirect_call_wrapper.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
module.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
percpu-defs.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
pgtable.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
pm.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
raid/pq.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
static_call.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
tracepoint.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
init/initramfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
init/init_task.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
init/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
init/version.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
io_uring/uring_cmd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/async.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/audit.c is documented
kernel/auditsc.c is documented
kernel/bpf/btf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/bpf/cgroup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/bpf/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/bpf/crypto.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/bpf/inode.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/bpf/log.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/bpf/offload.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/bpf/syscall.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/capability.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/cgroup/cgroup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/cgroup/cgroup-v1.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/cgroup/cpuset.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/cgroup/misc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/cgroup/namespace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/cgroup/rdma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/compat.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/context_tracking.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/cpu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/cpu_pm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/crash_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/cred.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/debug/debug_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/debug/kdb/kdb_debugger.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/debug/kdb/kdb_io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/debug/kdb/kdb_keyboard.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/debug/kdb/kdb_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/debug/kdb/kdb_support.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/dma.c is documented
kernel/dma/debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/dma/mapping.c is documented
kernel/elfcorehdr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/entry/kvm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/events/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/events/hw_breakpoint.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/events/ring_buffer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/events/uprobes.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/exit.c is documented
kernel/extable.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/fork.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/freezer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/gcov/clang.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/gcov/gcc_base.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/groups.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/hung_task.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/iomem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/irq/autoprobe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/irq/chip.c is documented
kernel/irq/devres.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/irq/dummychip.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/irq/generic-chip.c is documented
kernel/irq/handle.c is documented
kernel/irq/ipi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/irq/irqdesc.c is documented
kernel/irq/irqdomain.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/irq/irq_sim.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/irq/manage.c is documented
kernel/irq/msi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/irq/resend.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/irq_work.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/jump_label.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/kallsyms.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/kcov.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/kcsan/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/kprobes.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/ksysfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/kthread.c is documented
kernel/livepatch/core.c is documented
kernel/livepatch/shadow.c is documented
kernel/livepatch/state.c is documented
kernel/livepatch/transition.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/locking/irqflag-debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/locking/lockdep.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/locking/mutex.c is documented
kernel/locking/mutex-debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/locking/percpu-rwsem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/locking/qrwlock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/locking/qspinlock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/locking/rtmutex_api.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/locking/rwsem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/locking/semaphore.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/locking/spinlock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/locking/spinlock_debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/locking/spinlock_rt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/locking/ww_rt_mutex.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/module/Kconfig is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/module/kmod.c is documented
kernel/module/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/module/signing.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/module/version.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/notifier.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/numa.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/padata.c is documented
kernel/panic.c is documented
kernel/params.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/pid.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/pid_namespace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/power/console.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/power/energy_model.c is documented
kernel/power/hibernate.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/power/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/power/qos.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/power/suspend.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/printk/nbcon.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/printk/printk.c is documented
kernel/printk/printk_safe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/profile.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/ptrace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/rcu/srcutiny.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/rcu/srcutree.c is documented
kernel/rcu/tasks.h is documented
kernel/rcu/tiny.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/rcu/tree.c is documented
kernel/rcu/tree_exp.h is documented
kernel/rcu/tree_nocb.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/rcu/tree_plugin.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/rcu/tree_stall.h is documented
kernel/rcu/update.c is documented
kernel/reboot.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/regset.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/relay.c is documented
kernel/resource.c is documented
kernel/sched/autogroup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/sched/clock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/sched/completion.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/sched/core.c is documented
kernel/sched/cpufreq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/sched/cputime.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/sched/fair.c is documented
kernel/sched/idle.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/sched/isolation.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/sched/loadavg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/sched/psi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/sched/swait.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/sched/syscalls.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/sched/topology.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/sched/wait_bit.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/sched/wait.c is documented
kernel/signal.c is documented
kernel/smpboot.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/smp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/softirq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/stackleak.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/stacktrace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/static_call.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/static_call_inline.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/stop_machine.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/sys.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/sysctl.c is documented
kernel/time/alarmtimer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/time/clockevents.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/time/clocksource.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/time/hrtimer.c is documented
kernel/time/jiffies.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/time/posix-clock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/time/tick-broadcast.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/time/tick-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/time/tick-sched.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/time/time.c is documented
kernel/time/timeconv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/time/timecounter.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/time/timekeeping.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/time/timer.c is documented
kernel/torture.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/trace/blktrace.c is documented
kernel/trace/bpf_trace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/trace/fprobe.c is documented
kernel/trace/ftrace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/tracepoint.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/trace/ring_buffer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/trace/trace_branch.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/trace/trace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/trace/trace_clock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/trace/trace_dynevent.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/trace/trace_event_perf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/trace/trace_events.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/trace/trace_events_filter.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/trace/trace_events_synth.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/trace/trace_events_trigger.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/trace/trace_irqsoff.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/trace/trace_kprobe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/trace/trace_output.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/trace/trace_preemptirq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/trace/trace_printk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/trace/trace_recursion_record.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/trace/trace_seq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/umh.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/up.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/user.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/usermode_driver.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/user_namespace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/user-return-notifier.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/vhost_task.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/vmcore_info.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/watchdog.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/watch_queue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
kernel/workqueue.c is documented
lib/842/842_compress.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/842/842_decompress.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/alloc_tag.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/argv_split.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/ashldi3.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/ashrdi3.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/asn1_decoder.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/asn1_encoder.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/atomic64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/base64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/bcd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/bch.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/bitmap.c is documented
lib/bitmap-str.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/bitrev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/bsearch.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/btree.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/bucket_locks.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/check_signature.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/checksum.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/closure.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/clz_ctz.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/cmdline.c is documented
lib/cmpdi2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/cmpxchg-emu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/cpumask.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/cpu_rmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crc16.c is documented
lib/crc32.c is documented
lib/crc4.c is documented
lib/crc64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crc64-rocksoft.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crc7.c is documented
lib/crc8.c is documented
lib/crc-ccitt.c is documented
lib/crc-itu-t.c is documented
lib/crc-t10dif.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/aes.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/aescfb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/aesgcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/arc4.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/blake2s.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/blake2s-generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/chacha20poly1305.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/chacha.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/curve25519-generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/des.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/gf128mul.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/libchacha.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/memneq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/mpi/ec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/mpi/mpi-add.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/mpi/mpi-bit.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/mpi/mpi-cmp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/mpi/mpicoder.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/mpi/mpi-inv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/mpi/mpi-mul.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/mpi/mpi-pow.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/mpi/mpi-sub-ui.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/mpi/mpiutil.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/poly1305.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/poly1305-donna32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/poly1305-donna64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/sha1.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/sha256.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/crypto/utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/ctype.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/debug_locks.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/debugobjects.c is documented
lib/dec_and_lock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/decompress_unzstd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/devres.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/digsig.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/dim/dim.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/dim/net_dim.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/dim/rdma_dim.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/dump_stack.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/dynamic_debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/dynamic_queue_limits.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/errname.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/errseq.c is documented
lib/fault-inject.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/fault-inject-usercopy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/find_bit.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/fonts/font_8x16.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/fonts/fonts.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/fw_table.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/genalloc.c is documented
lib/generic-radix-tree.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/glob.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/group_cpus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/hexdump.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/hweight.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/idr.c is documented
lib/interval_tree.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/iomap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/iomap_copy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/iov_iter.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/irq_poll.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/kasprintf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/kfifo.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/klist.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/kobject.c is documented
lib/kobject_uevent.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/kstrtox.c is documented
lib/kunit/assert.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/kunit/device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/kunit/hooks.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/kunit/resource.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/kunit/static_stub.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/kunit/test.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/kunit/try-catch.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/kunit/user_alloc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/libcrc32c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/linear_ranges.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/list_debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/list_sort.c is documented
lib/llist.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/lockref.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/logic_iomem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/logic_pio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/lru_cache.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/lshrdi3.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/lwq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/lz4/lz4_compress.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/lz4/lz4_decompress.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/lz4/lz4hc_compress.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/lzo/lzo1x_compress.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/lzo/lzo1x_decompress_safe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/maple_tree.c is documented
lib/math/cordic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/math/div64.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/math/gcd.c is documented
lib/math/int_log.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/math/int_pow.c is documented
lib/math/int_sqrt.c is documented
lib/math/lcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/math/prime_numbers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/math/rational.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/math/reciprocal_div.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/memcat_p.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/memregion.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/memweight.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/muldi3.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/net_utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/nlattr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/notifier-error-inject.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/objagg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/objpool.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/oid_registry.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/once.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/packing.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/parman.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/parser.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/percpu_counter.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/percpu-refcount.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/pldmfw/pldmfw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/polynomial.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/radix-tree.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/raid6/algos.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/raid6/mktables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/raid6/tables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/random32.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/ratelimit.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/rbtree.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/rcuref.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/reed_solomon/reed_solomon.c is documented
lib/refcount.c is documented
lib/ref_tracker.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/rhashtable.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/sbitmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/scatterlist.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/seq_buf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/sg_pool.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/sg_split.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/siphash.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/smp_processor_id.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/sort.c is documented
lib/stackdepot.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/stmp_device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/string.c is documented
lib/string_helpers.c is documented
lib/strncpy_from_user.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/strnlen_user.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/test_static_key_base.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/textsearch.c is documented
lib/timerqueue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/trace_readwrite.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/ubsan.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/ucmpdi2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/ucs2_string.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/usercopy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/uuid.c is documented
lib/vsprintf.c is documented
lib/win_minmax.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/xarray.c is documented
lib/xxhash.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/xz/xz_dec_syms.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/zlib_deflate/deflate_syms.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/zlib_dfltcc/dfltcc_deflate.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/zlib_dfltcc/dfltcc_inflate.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/zlib_inflate/inflate_syms.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/zstd/zstd_common_module.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/zstd/zstd_compress_module.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
lib/zstd/zstd_decompress_module.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/backing-dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/balloon_compaction.c is documented
mm/compaction.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/debug_page_alloc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/debug_page_ref.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/dmapool.c is documented
mm/fadvise.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/filemap.c is documented
mm/folio-compat.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/gup.c is documented
mm/highmem.c is documented
mm/hmm.c is documented
mm/huge_memory.c is documented
mm/hugetlb.c is documented
mm/hugetlb_vmemmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/io-mapping.c is documented
mm/ioremap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/kasan/common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/kasan/generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/kasan/hw_tags.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/kasan/report.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/kasan/report_generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/kasan/shadow.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/kasan/sw_tags.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/kfence/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/kmemleak.c is documented
mm/kmsan/hooks.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/kmsan/instrumentation.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/kmsan/report.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/kmsan/shadow.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/ksm.c is documented
mm/list_lru.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/maccess.c is documented
mm/mapping_dirty_helpers.c is documented
mm/memblock.c is documented
mm/memcontrol.c is documented
mm/memory.c is documented
mm/memory-failure.c is documented
mm/memory_hotplug.c is documented
mm/memory-tiers.c is documented
mm/mempolicy.c is documented
mm/mempool.c is documented
mm/memremap.c is documented
mm/migrate.c is documented
mm/migrate_device.c is documented
mm/mlock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/mmap.c is documented
mm/mmap_lock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/mm_init.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/mmu_notifier.c is documented
mm/nommu.c is documented
mm/oom_kill.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/page_alloc.c is documented
mm/page_poison.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/page_reporting.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/page_table_check.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/page-writeback.c is documented
mm/percpu.c is documented
mm/readahead.c is documented
mm/rmap.c is documented
mm/shmem.c is documented
mm/show_mem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/shrinker.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/shrinker_debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/slab_common.c is documented
mm/slub.c is documented
mm/sparse.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/swap.c is documented
mm/swapfile.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/truncate.c is documented
mm/usercopy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/util.c is documented
mm/vmalloc.c is documented
mm/vmscan.c is documented
mm/vmstat.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
mm/zpool.c is documented
mm/zsmalloc.c is documented
Module.symvers is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/6lowpan/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/6lowpan/iphc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/6lowpan/nhc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/8021q/vlan_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/802/fc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/802/fddi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/802/garp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/802/hippi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/802/mrp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/802/p8022.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/802/psnap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/802/stp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/9p/client.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/9p/error.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/9p/mod.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/9p/protocol.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/9p/trans_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/appletalk/aarp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/appletalk/ddp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/appletalk/dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/atm/atm_misc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/atm/common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/atm/ioctl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/atm/proc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/atm/raw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/atm/resources.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ax25/af_ax25.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ax25/ax25_addr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ax25/ax25_iface.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ax25/ax25_ip.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ax25/ax25_out.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ax25/ax25_timer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ax25/ax25_uid.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/bluetooth/af_bluetooth.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/bluetooth/coredump.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/bluetooth/hci_conn.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/bluetooth/hci_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/bluetooth/hci_sock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/bluetooth/hci_sync.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/bluetooth/l2cap_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/bluetooth/l2cap_sock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/bluetooth/lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/bpf/test_run.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/bridge/br_device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/bridge/br_fdb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/bridge/br_forward.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/bridge/br_if.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/bridge/br_input.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/bridge/br_mst.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/bridge/br_multicast.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/bridge/br_stp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/bridge/br_vlan.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/bridge/netfilter/ebtables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/caif/caif_dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/caif/cfcnfg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/caif/cfpkt_skbuff.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/caif/cfsrvl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/can/af_can.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ceph/auth.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ceph/buffer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ceph/ceph_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ceph/ceph_hash.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ceph/ceph_strings.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ceph/cls_lock_client.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ceph/decode.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ceph/messenger.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ceph/mon_client.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ceph/osd_client.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ceph/osdmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ceph/pagelist.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ceph/pagevec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ceph/snapshot.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ceph/string_table.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ceph/striper.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/bpf_sk_storage.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/datagram.c is documented
net/core/dev_addr_lists.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/dev.c is documented
net/core/dev_ioctl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/dst.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/dst_cache.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/failover.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/fib_notifier.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/fib_rules.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/filter.c is documented
net/core/flow_dissector.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/flow_offload.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/gen_estimator.c is documented
net/core/gen_stats.c is documented
net/core/gro.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/gro_cells.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/gso.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/hotdata.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/hwbm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/ieee8021q_helpers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/link_watch.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/lwtunnel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/neighbour.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/netclassid_cgroup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/netevent.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/net_namespace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/netpoll.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/net-sysfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/of_net.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/page_pool.c is documented
net/core/ptp_classifier.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/rtnetlink.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/scm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/secure_seq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/selftests.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/skbuff.c is documented
net/core/skmsg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/sock.c is documented
net/core/sock_diag.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/sock_map.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/sock_reuseport.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/stream.c is documented
net/core/sysctl_net_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/timestamping.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/tso.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/core/xdp.c is documented
net/dcb/dcbevent.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/dcb/dcbnl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/dccp/ackvec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/dccp/feat.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/dccp/input.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/dccp/ipv4.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/dccp/minisocks.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/dccp/options.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/dccp/output.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/dccp/proto.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/dccp/timer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/devlink/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/devlink/dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/devlink/dpipe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/devlink/health.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/devlink/linecard.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/devlink/param.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/devlink/port.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/devlink/rate.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/devlink/region.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/devlink/resource.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/devlink/sb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/devlink/trap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/devres.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/dns_resolver/dns_query.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/dsa/devlink.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/dsa/dsa.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/dsa/stubs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/dsa/tag_8021q.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/dsa/tag.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/dsa/user.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ethernet/eth.c is documented
net/ethtool/cabletest.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ethtool/common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ethtool/ioctl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ethtool/mm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ethtool/netlink.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ethtool/stats.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/handshake/alert.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/handshake/netlink.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/handshake/request.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/handshake/tlshd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/hsr/hsr_device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/hsr/hsr_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ieee802154/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ieee802154/header_ops.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ieee802154/nl802154.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ieee802154/pan.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ife/ife.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/af_inet.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/arp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/datagram.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/devinet.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/esp4.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/fib_frontend.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/fib_rules.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/fib_semantics.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/fib_trie.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/fou_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/gre_demux.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/icmp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/igmp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/inet_connection_sock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/inet_diag.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/inet_fragment.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/inet_hashtables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/inetpeer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/inet_timewait_sock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/ip_fragment.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/ip_gre.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/ip_input.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/ipmr_base.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/ipmr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/ip_options.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/ip_output.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/ip_sockglue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/ip_tunnel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/ip_tunnel_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/metrics.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/netfilter/arp_tables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/netfilter.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/netfilter/ip_tables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/netfilter/nf_defrag_ipv4.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/netfilter/nf_dup_ipv4.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/netfilter/nf_reject_ipv4.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/netfilter/nf_socket_ipv4.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/netfilter/nft_fib_ipv4.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/netfilter/nf_tproxy_ipv4.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/netlink.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/nexthop.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/ping.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/protocol.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/raw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/route.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/syncookies.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/tcp_bpf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/tcp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/tcp_cong.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/tcp_fastopen.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/tcp_input.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/tcp_ipv4.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/tcp_minisocks.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/tcp_offload.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/tcp_output.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/tcp_plb.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/tcp_rate.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/tcp_sigpool.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/tcp_timer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/tcp_ulp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/tcp_vegas.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/tunnel4.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/udp_bpf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/udp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/udplite.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/udp_offload.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/udp_tunnel_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/udp_tunnel_stub.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/xfrm4_input.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv4/xfrm4_protocol.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/addrconf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/addrconf_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/af_inet6.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/datagram.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/esp6.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/exthdrs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/exthdrs_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/fib6_rules.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/icmp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/inet6_connection_sock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/inet6_hashtables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/ip6_checksum.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/ip6_fib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/ip6_flowlabel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/ip6_icmp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/ip6_input.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/ip6mr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/ip6_output.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/ip6_tunnel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/ip6_udp_tunnel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/ipv6_sockglue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/mcast.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/mcast_snoop.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/ndisc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/netfilter.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/netfilter/ip6_tables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/netfilter/nf_conntrack_reasm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/netfilter/nf_defrag_ipv6_hooks.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/netfilter/nf_dup_ipv6.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/netfilter/nf_reject_ipv6.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/netfilter/nf_socket_ipv6.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/netfilter/nft_fib_ipv6.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/netfilter/nf_tproxy_ipv6.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/output_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/ping.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/protocol.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/raw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/route.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/seg6_hmac.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/seg6_iptunnel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/syncookies.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/tcp_ipv6.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/tunnel6.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/udp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/xfrm6_input.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/xfrm6_protocol.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ipv6/xfrm6_tunnel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/iucv/iucv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/l2tp/l2tp_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/l2tp/l2tp_ip.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/l2tp/l2tp_netlink.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/l3mdev/l3mdev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/lapb/lapb_iface.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/llc/llc_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/llc/llc_input.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/llc/llc_output.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac80211/agg-rx.c is documented
net/mac80211/agg-tx.c is documented
net/mac80211/airtime.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac80211/cfg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac80211/chan.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac80211/ht.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac80211/ieee80211_i.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac80211/key.c is documented
net/mac80211/led.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac80211/link.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac80211/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac80211/mlme.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac80211/offchannel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac80211/parse.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac80211/pm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac80211/rate.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac80211/rx.c is documented
net/mac80211/scan.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac80211/sta_info.c is documented
net/mac80211/status.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac80211/tdls.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac80211/tkip.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac80211/tx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac80211/util.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac80211/vht.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac802154/main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac802154/rx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mac802154/util.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mctp/device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mpls/af_mpls.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mptcp/crypto.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mptcp/options.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mptcp/pm_netlink.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mptcp/sockopt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mptcp/subflow.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/mptcp/token.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/ncsi/ncsi-manage.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/ipset/ip_set_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/ipset/ip_set_getport.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/ipset/pfxlen.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/ipvs/ip_vs_app.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/ipvs/ip_vs_conn.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/ipvs/ip_vs_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/ipvs/ip_vs_nfct.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/ipvs/ip_vs_pe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/ipvs/ip_vs_proto.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/ipvs/ip_vs_sched.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conncount.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conntrack_amanda.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conntrack_broadcast.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conntrack_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conntrack_ecache.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conntrack_expect.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conntrack_extend.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conntrack_ftp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conntrack_h323_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conntrack_helper.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conntrack_irc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conntrack_labels.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conntrack_ovs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conntrack_pptp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conntrack_proto.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conntrack_proto_gre.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conntrack_seqadj.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conntrack_sip.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conntrack_snmp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conntrack_standalone.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conntrack_tftp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_conntrack_timeout.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_dup_netdev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_flow_table_bpf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_flow_table_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_flow_table_ip.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_flow_table_offload.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_hooks_lwtunnel.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_log.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_nat_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_nat_helper.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_nat_masquerade.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_nat_ovs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_nat_proto.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_nat_redirect.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nfnetlink_acct.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nfnetlink.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nfnetlink_osf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_queue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_sockopt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_synproxy_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_tables_api.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_tables_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nf_tables_trace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nft_bitwise.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nft_ct_fast.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nft_fib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nft_lookup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nft_meta.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/nft_reject.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/x_tables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netfilter/xt_RATEEST.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netlabel/netlabel_calipso.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netlabel/netlabel_kapi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netlink/af_netlink.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/netlink/genetlink.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/nfc/af_nfc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/nfc/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/nfc/digital_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/nfc/hci/command.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/nfc/hci/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/nfc/hci/llc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/nfc/nci/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/nfc/nci/data.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/nfc/nci/hci.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/nfc/nci/lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/nfc/nci/spi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/nfc/nci/uart.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/nfc/netlink.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/nfc/rawsock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/nsh/nsh.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/openvswitch/vport.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/openvswitch/vport-netdev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/packet/af_packet.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/phonet/af_phonet.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/phonet/socket.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/psample/psample.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/qrtr/af_qrtr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/qrtr/ns.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/rds/cong.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/rds/connection.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/rds/info.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/rds/message.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/rds/page.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/rds/recv.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/rds/send.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/rds/stats.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/rds/threads.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/rds/transport.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/rfkill/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/rxrpc/af_rxrpc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/rxrpc/call_accept.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/rxrpc/key.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/rxrpc/peer_object.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/rxrpc/recvmsg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/rxrpc/sendmsg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/rxrpc/server_key.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sched/act_api.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sched/act_ife.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sched/cls_api.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sched/ematch.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sched/sch_api.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sched/sch_fifo.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sched/sch_frag.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sched/sch_generic.c is documented
net/sched/sch_mqprio_lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sched/sch_pie.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sched/sch_taprio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sctp/socket.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/smc/af_smc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/socket.c is documented
net/strparser/strparser.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sunrpc/addr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sunrpc/auth.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sunrpc/auth_gss/gss_generic_token.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sunrpc/auth_gss/gss_krb5_crypto.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sunrpc/auth_gss/gss_krb5_keys.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sunrpc/auth_gss/gss_krb5_mech.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sunrpc/auth_gss/gss_mech_switch.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sunrpc/auth_gss/svcauth_gss.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sunrpc/backchannel_rqst.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sunrpc/cache.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sunrpc/clnt.c is documented
net/sunrpc/debugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sunrpc/rpcb_clnt.c is documented
net/sunrpc/rpc_pipe.c is documented
net/sunrpc/sched.c is documented
net/sunrpc/socklib.c is documented
net/sunrpc/stats.c is documented
net/sunrpc/sunrpc_syms.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sunrpc/svcauth.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sunrpc/svcauth_unix.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sunrpc/svc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sunrpc/svcsock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sunrpc/svc_xprt.c is documented
net/sunrpc/sysctl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sunrpc/timer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sunrpc/xdr.c is documented
net/sunrpc/xprt.c is documented
net/switchdev/switchdev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/sysctl_net.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/tipc/socket.c is documented
net/tls/tls_device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/tls/tls_device_fallback.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/tls/tls_toe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/unix/af_unix.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/vmw_vsock/af_vsock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/vmw_vsock/af_vsock_tap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/vmw_vsock/virtio_transport_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/vmw_vsock/vsock_addr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/wireless/chan.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/wireless/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/wireless/core.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/wireless/debugfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/wireless/ethtool.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/wireless/ibss.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/wireless/lib80211.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/wireless/mlme.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/wireless/nl80211.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/wireless/of.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/wireless/pmsr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/wireless/radiotap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/wireless/reg.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/wireless/scan.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/wireless/sme.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/wireless/util.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/wireless/wext-compat.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/wireless/wext-core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/wireless/wext-spy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/xdp/xsk_buff_pool.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/xdp/xsk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/xfrm/espintcp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/xfrm/xfrm_algo.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/xfrm/xfrm_device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/xfrm/xfrm_input.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/xfrm/xfrm_ipcomp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/xfrm/xfrm_nat_keepalive.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/xfrm/xfrm_output.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/xfrm/xfrm_policy.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/xfrm/xfrm_replay.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/xfrm/xfrm_state.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
net/xfrm/xfrm_user.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
rust/exports.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
rust/helpers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
rust/Makefile is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
scripts/checkpatch.pl is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
scripts/genksyms/keywords.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
scripts/genksyms/lex.l is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
scripts/genksyms/parse.y is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
scripts/kernel-doc is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
scripts/Makefile.build is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
scripts/Makefile.modpost is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
scripts/mksysmap is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
scripts/mod/modpost.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
scripts/tags.sh is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
security/apparmor/policy_unpack.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
security/device_cgroup.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
security/inode.c is documented
security/integrity/evm/evm_crypto.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
security/integrity/evm/evm_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
security/integrity/ima/ima_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
security/keys/encrypted-keys/ecryptfs_format.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
security/keys/encrypted-keys/encrypted.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
security/keys/key.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
security/keys/keyring.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
security/keys/permission.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
security/keys/process_keys.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
security/keys/request_key.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
security/keys/trusted-keys/trusted_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
security/keys/trusted-keys/trusted_tpm1.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
security/keys/user_defined.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
security/security.c is documented
sound/ac97/bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/ac97_bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/ac97/snd_ac97_compat.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/aoa/core/alsa.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/aoa/core/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/aoa/core/gpio-feature.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/aoa/core/gpio-pmf.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/aoa/soundbus/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/arm/pxa2xx-ac97-lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/arm/pxa2xx-pcm-lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/core/compress_offload.c is documented
sound/core/control.c is documented
sound/core/device.c is documented
sound/core/hwdep.c is documented
sound/core/info.c is documented
sound/core/info_oss.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/core/init.c is documented
sound/core/isadma.c is documented
sound/core/jack.c is documented
sound/core/memalloc.c is documented
sound/core/memory.c is documented
sound/core/misc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/core/oss/mixer_oss.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/core/pcm.c is documented
sound/core/pcm_dmaengine.c is documented
sound/core/pcm_drm_eld.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/core/pcm_iec958.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/core/pcm_lib.c is documented
sound/core/pcm_memory.c is documented
sound/core/pcm_misc.c is documented
sound/core/pcm_native.c is documented
sound/core/rawmidi.c is documented
sound/core/seq_device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/core/seq/seq_clientmgr.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/core/seq/seq_lock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/core/seq/seq_memory.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/core/seq/seq_midi_emul.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/core/seq/seq_midi_event.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/core/seq/seq_ports.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/core/seq/seq_system.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/core/seq/seq_virmidi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/core/sound.c is documented
sound/core/sound_oss.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/core/timer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/core/ump.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/core/ump_convert.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/core/vmaster.c is documented
sound/drivers/mpu401/mpu401_uart.c is documented
sound/drivers/opl3/opl3_lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/drivers/opl3/opl3_synth.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/drivers/opl4/opl4_lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/drivers/vx/vx_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/drivers/vx/vx_hwdep.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/firewire/amdtp-am824.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/firewire/amdtp-stream.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/firewire/cmp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/firewire/fcp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/firewire/iso-resources.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/firewire/lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/firewire/packets-buffer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/hda/array.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/hda/ext/hdac_ext_bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/hda/ext/hdac_ext_controller.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/hda/ext/hdac_ext_stream.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/hda/hda_bus_type.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/hda/hdac_bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/hda/hdac_component.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/hda/hdac_controller.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/hda/hdac_device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/hda/hdac_i915.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/hda/hdac_regmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/hda/hdac_stream.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/hda/hdmi_chmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/hda/intel-dsp-config.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/hda/intel-nhlt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/hda/intel-sdw-acpi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/i2c/cs8427.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/i2c/i2c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/i2c/other/ak4113.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/i2c/other/ak4114.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/i2c/other/ak4117.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/i2c/other/ak4xxx-adda.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/i2c/other/pt2258.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/i2c/tea6330t.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/isa/es1688/es1688_lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/isa/gus/gus_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/isa/gus/gus_volume.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/isa/msnd/msnd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/isa/msnd/msnd_midi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/isa/msnd/msnd_pinnacle_mixer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/isa/opti9xx/miro.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/isa/sb/emu8000.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/isa/sb/sb16_csp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/isa/sb/sb16_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/isa/sb/sb8_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/isa/sb/sb_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/isa/wss/wss_lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/oss/dmasound/dmasound_core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/ac97/ac97_codec.c is documented
sound/pci/ac97/ac97_pcm.c is documented
sound/pci/asihpi/hpioctl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/emu10k1/io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/emu10k1/memory.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/emu10k1/voice.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/hda/cirrus_scodec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/hda/cs35l41_hda.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/hda/cs35l56_hda.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/hda/hda_auto_parser.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/hda/hda_beep.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/hda/hda_bind.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/hda/hda_codec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/hda/hda_component.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/hda/hda_controller.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/hda/hda_cs_dsp_ctl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/hda/hda_generic.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/hda/hda_jack.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/hda/hda_sysfs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/ice1712/ak4xxx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/oxygen/oxygen_io.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/oxygen/oxygen_lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/oxygen/oxygen_mixer.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/pci/trident/trident_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/amd/acp/acp-i2s.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/amd/acp/acp-legacy-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/amd/acp/acp-mach-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/amd/acp/acp-pdm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/amd/acp/acp-platform.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/amd/acp/amd-sdw-acpi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/amd/acp-config.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/amd/acp-pcm-dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/atmel/atmel-pcm-dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/atmel/atmel-pcm-pdc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/atmel/atmel_ssc_dai.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/bcm/cygnus-ssp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/cirrus/ep93xx-pcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/88pm860x-codec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/ad193x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/adau1372.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/adau1761.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/adau1781.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/adau17x1.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/adau1977.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/adau7118.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/adau-utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/adav80x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/arizona.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/arizona-jack.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/aw88395/aw88395_device.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/aw88395/aw88395_lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/cs35l41.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/cs35l41-lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/cs35l45.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/cs35l45-tables.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/cs35l56.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/cs35l56-shared.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/cs4271.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/cs42l42.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/cs42l43-sdw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/cs42l51.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/cs42xx8.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/cs530x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/cs-amp-lib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/cx20442.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/da7218.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/es8328.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/es83xx-dsm-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/hda.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/hdac_hda.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/hdac_hdmi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/hda-dai.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/lpass-macro-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/lpass-wsa-macro.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/madera.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/max98090.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/max98095.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/max98373.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/mt6358.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/mt6359-accdet.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/mt6359.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/nau8821.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/nau8824.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/nau8825.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/pcm1789.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/pcm179x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/pcm186x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/pcm3060.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/pcm3168a.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/pcm512x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/rl6231.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/rl6347a.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/rt5514-spi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/rt5640.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/rt5645.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/rt5659.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/rt5663.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/rt5665.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/rt5668.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/rt5670.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/rt5677.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/rt5677-spi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/rt5682.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/rt5682s.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/rt715-sdw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/sigmadsp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/sigmadsp-i2c.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/sigmadsp-regmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/src4xxx.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/ssm2602.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/tas2781-comlib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/tas2781-fmwlib.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/tlv320aic23.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/tlv320aic32x4.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/tlv320aic32x4-clk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/tlv320aic3x.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/ts3a227e.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/twl6040.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/wcd937x-sdw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/wcd938x-sdw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/wcd939x-sdw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/wcd-clsh-v2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/wcd-mbhc-v2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/wl1273.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/wm5100.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/wm8350.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/wm8731.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/wm8804.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/wm8903.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/wm8962.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/wm8994.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/wm8996.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/wm_adsp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/codecs/wm_hubs.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/fsl/fsl_asrc_dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/fsl/fsl_utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/fsl/imx-audmux.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/fsl/imx-pcm-dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/fsl/imx-pcm-fiq.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/fsl/lpc3xxx-pcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/fsl/mpc5200_dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/generic/audio-graph-card2.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/generic/audio-graph-card.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/generic/simple-card-utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/atom/sst-mfld-platform-pcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/atom/sst/sst.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/atom/sst/sst_pvt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/boards/hda_dsp_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/boards/sof_board_helpers.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/boards/sof_cirrus_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/boards/sof_maxim_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/boards/sof_nuvoton_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/boards/sof_realtek_common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/soc-acpi-intel-adl-match.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/soc-acpi-intel-arl-match.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/soc-acpi-intel-bxt-match.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/soc-acpi-intel-byt-match.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/soc-acpi-intel-cfl-match.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/soc-acpi-intel-cht-match.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/soc-acpi-intel-cml-match.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/soc-acpi-intel-cnl-match.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/soc-acpi-intel-ehl-match.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/soc-acpi-intel-glk-match.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/soc-acpi-intel-hda-match.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/soc-acpi-intel-hsw-bdw-match.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/soc-acpi-intel-icl-match.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/soc-acpi-intel-jsl-match.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/soc-acpi-intel-kbl-match.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/soc-acpi-intel-lnl-match.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/soc-acpi-intel-mtl-match.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/soc-acpi-intel-rpl-match.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/soc-acpi-intel-skl-match.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/soc-acpi-intel-ssp-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/soc-acpi-intel-tgl-match.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/sst-dsp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/common/sst-ipc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/skylake/bxt-sst.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/skylake/cnl-sst.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/skylake/cnl-sst-dsp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/skylake/skl-messages.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/skylake/skl-sst.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/skylake/skl-sst-dsp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/skylake/skl-sst-ipc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/intel/skylake/skl-sst-utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/mediatek/common/mtk-afe-fe-dai.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/mediatek/common/mtk-afe-platform-driver.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/mediatek/common/mtk-dai-adda-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/mediatek/common/mtk-dsp-sof-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/mediatek/common/mtk-soundcard-driver.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/mediatek/mt8183/mt8183-dai-i2s.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/mediatek/mt8186/mt8186-afe-gpio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/mediatek/mt8186/mt8186-dai-i2s.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/mediatek/mt8186/mt8186-mt6366-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/mediatek/mt8188/mt8188-afe-clk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/mediatek/mt8192/mt8192-afe-gpio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/mediatek/mt8192/mt8192-dai-i2s.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/mediatek/mt8195/mt8195-afe-clk.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/meson/axg-fifo.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/meson/axg-tdm-formatter.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/meson/axg-tdm-interface.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/meson/meson-card-utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/meson/meson-codec-glue.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/mxs/mxs-pcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/mxs/mxs-saif.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/qcom/common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/qcom/lpass-cdc-dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/qcom/lpass-cpu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/qcom/lpass-hdmi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/qcom/lpass-platform.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/qcom/qdsp6/audioreach.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/qcom/qdsp6/q6adm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/qcom/qdsp6/q6afe.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/qcom/qdsp6/q6apm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/qcom/qdsp6/q6asm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/qcom/qdsp6/q6core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/qcom/qdsp6/q6dsp-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/qcom/qdsp6/q6dsp-lpass-clocks.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/qcom/qdsp6/q6dsp-lpass-ports.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/qcom/qdsp6/q6prm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/qcom/qdsp6/q6routing.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/qcom/qdsp6/topology.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/qcom/sdw.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/samsung/dmaengine.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/samsung/idma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sh/siu_pcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/soc-ac97.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/soc-acpi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/soc-card.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/soc-component.c is documented
sound/soc/soc-compress.c is documented
sound/soc/soc-core.c is documented
sound/soc/soc-dai.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/soc-dapm.c is documented
sound/soc/soc-devres.c is documented
sound/soc/soc-generic-dmaengine-pcm.c is documented
sound/soc/soc-jack.c is documented
sound/soc/soc-link.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/soc-ops.c is documented
sound/soc/soc-pcm.c is documented
sound/soc/soc-topology.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/soc-utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/amd/acp63.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/amd/acp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/amd/acp-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/amd/acp-ipc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/amd/acp-loader.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/amd/acp-pcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/amd/acp-probes.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/amd/acp-stream.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/amd/acp-trace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/amd/rembrandt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/amd/renoir.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/amd/vangogh.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/compress.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/debug.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/fw-file-profile.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/imx/imx-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/intel/atom.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/intel/cnl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/intel/hda-bus.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/intel/hda.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/intel/hda-codec.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/intel/hda-common-ops.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/intel/hda-ctrl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/intel/hda-dai.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/intel/hda-dsp.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/intel/hda-ipc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/intel/hda-loader.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/intel/hda-mlink.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/intel/hda-pcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/intel/hda-probes.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/intel/hda-stream.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/intel/hda-trace.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/intel/mtl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/intel/skl.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/intel/telemetry.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/iomem-utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/ipc3.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/ipc4.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/ipc4-pcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/ipc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/loader.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/mediatek/mtk-adsp-common.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/ops.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/pcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/pm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/sof-acpi-dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/sof-audio.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/sof-client.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/sof-of-dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/sof-pci-dev.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/sof-utils.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/stream-ipc.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/topology.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sof/xtensa/core.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/spear/spear_pcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sprd/sprd-mcdt.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sti/uniperif_player.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sti/uniperif_reader.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/sunxi/sun8i-adda-pr-regmap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/tegra/tegra30_ahub.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/tegra/tegra_asoc_machine.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/tegra/tegra_pcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/ti/edma-pcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/ti/omap-mcbsp-st.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/ti/omap-mcpdm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/ti/sdma-pcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/ti/udma-pcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/uniphier/aio-cpu.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/uniphier/aio-dma.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/soc/ux500/ux500_pcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/sound_core.c is documented
sound/synth/emux/emux.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/synth/emux/emux_synth.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/synth/emux/soundfont.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/synth/util_mem.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/usb/line6/driver.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/usb/line6/midi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/usb/line6/pcm.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
sound/usb/midi.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
tools/arch/x86/lib/memcpy_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
tools/arch/x86/lib/memset_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
tools/include/asm/export.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
export.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
tools/lib/list_sort.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
tools/perf/check-headers.sh is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
tools/testing/cxl/cxl_core_exports.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
tools/testing/cxl/test/mock.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
tools/testing/cxl/watermark.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
tools/testing/nvdimm/test/iomap.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
tools/testing/nvdimm/watermark.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
tools/testing/selftests/bpf/bpf_testmod/bpf_testmod.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
tools/testing/selftests/powerpc/copyloops/copy_mc_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
tools/testing/selftests/powerpc/copyloops/copyuser_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
export.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
tools/testing/selftests/powerpc/copyloops/mem_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
tools/testing/selftests/powerpc/copyloops/memcpy_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
export.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
tools/testing/selftests/powerpc/stringloops/memcmp_32.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
tools/testing/selftests/powerpc/stringloops/memcmp_64.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
tools/testing/selftests/powerpc/stringloops/strlen_32.S is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
export.h is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
virt/kvm/eventfd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
virt/kvm/guest_memfd.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
virt/kvm/kvm_main.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
virt/lib/irqbypass.c is undocumented yet contains exported symbols
